incidents

sam: Quick follow-up from the postmortem — want to lock owners for the vendor/auth remediations and confirm a short cadence to close out action items. Recurring pattern here: auth blips -> registry read failures -> client errors.

nina: I'll take the client retry & backoff changes (infra-auth-client). Plan: per-endpoint budgets, jittered exponential backoff, and a 5xx vs 401 handling split. ETA: 48h. Will include metrics (auth_retry_count, auth_failure_type).

rafa: Security will handle rotating the vendor service token now and add an automated smoke-test workflow. I'll also add a short lived token policy (max 48h TTL) for high-risk tokens. ETA: rotation + GH action in 36h.

claire: I'll own the model-registry fallback path: implement a short TTL in-process cache and a degraded read path that serves cached manifests when auth is degraded. Prototype ETA: 5 days; minimal patch for staging in 72h.

pm-owen: From product: I'll prepare the customer-facing incident summary template and a suggested status-page blurb. Also want an options doc for vendor SLA vs internal auth migration. ETA: internal draft by Monday.

security-ellen: Quick ask from security: ensure rotation runbook includes a forced smoke test that validates token refresh and manifest fetch. If smoke fails, auto-revert and escalate to on-call.

ops-bot: INCIDENT:INC-2026-92-FOLLOWUP created and linked to postmortem. Follow-up reminder set for 72h.

sam: Good. Two longer-term items we discussed: (1) vendor SLA review + multi-vendor auth plan, (2) emergency manual failover runbook. Who can pick these up?

nina: I can draft the failover runbook. It will include a passive secondary auth endpoint config and a manual rollback gate. ETA: 4 business days for runbook + 2-day staging dry-run.

rafa: I'll lead the vendor SLA review with procurement and ops. Deliverable: vendor reliability scorecard and recommended contract asks (SLOs, incident notification windows, credits). ETA: 2 weeks.

claire: For the degraded-path, small snippet I'll land in the registry service today for staging:
```
if (auth_unavailable && cache.valid()) {
  return cache.get_manifest();
}
```
I'll also add a metric 'degraded_manifest_served'.

pm-owen: Also thinking about a temporary product knob: per-customer "resilience mode" that favors cached reads for a short window during incidents. Can engineering scope that?

nina: That would be a config flag on the registry service. Quick scope: 1 engineer, 1 sprint for flag + QA. Can do if PM wants to prioritize.

rafa: Security note: disable any fallback that would expose data beyond the intended access (no cached private manifests). We'll add allowlists and tag cached objects with access-level checks.

sam: Good catch. Keep fallbacks read-only and access-checked.

ops-bot: NOTE: last 180d auth-related incidents = 4; median MTTR = 18m. Logged to INC-2026-92-followups.

claire: Blocking: need staging KMS/Vault write access to test refresh flows. Who can unblock?

ops-bot: TICKET: infra#7012 created for staging KMS/Vault access. Estimated ETA: 48 hours.

rafa: Once infra grants access, I'll run rotation + smoke test and post the GH action link here.

sam: I'll create the GH action tracker (INC-2026-92) and populate owners/ETAs from this thread. Please comment if you want ETA changes. I will also add a recurring quarterly vendor reliability review to the calendar and link it in the tracker.

pm-owen: Planning note: add a roadmap evaluation item for 'internal auth fallback' vs 'multi-vendor auth' with a cost/latency/risk analysis. I'll schedule a 30m deep-dive next week.

nina: Small implementation detail: adding X-Auth-Trace header and structured error logging (vendor_error_code) will help correlate problems. I'll include this in the PR.

claire: I'll post the degraded-path runbook snippet and the initial staging PR link once the cache patch is up.

rafa: After rotation completes, security will require a 7-day watch window for latent failures and an audit entry in the runbook.

sam: Thanks all. Sync note: 9:30 PT tomorrow to confirm GH tracker, KMS ETA, and rotation smoke-test results.

(End of thread)