1810001234

Carla M.: Hey team, customer acme-inc reporting higher tail latency and a bunch of 502/504s since 2026-12-08 16:05 UTC. They say requests are being served from eu-central while their app is pinned to us-east. Can someone take a look?
Carla M.: They provided a few request IDs: req_aa12, req_bb34, req_cc56 and a captured header showing X-Serving-Region: eu-central-1 and X-Route-Policy: rp-42
Ben O: Thanks Carla. Do we have the failover policy attached to that API key? Can you paste the policy or a screenshot of the console policy page?
Carla M.: Attached snippet from customer support ticket (redacted):
```yaml
routes:
  - id: rp-42
    strategy: priority
    nodes:
      - region: us-east-1
        priority: 100
        weight: 0.7
      - region: eu-central-1
        priority: 200
        weight: 0.3
    affinity: client_token
```
Carla M.: They said they didn't change anything. Billing also shows tokens billed in eu-central for those req IDs.
Ben O: Hmm. That yaml looks ok at first glance, but our runtime historically expects integer priorities and integer weights (0-100). We recently added decimal parsing for weights in the staging branch, maybe a mismatch during rollout. @route-bot can you show the live resolved policy for rp-42?
route-bot: ResolvedPolicy(rp-42): [{region:eu-central-1, priority:100, weight:30}, {region:us-east-1, priority:200, weight:70}]
Alice S: route-bot is showing reversed order and priorities swapped. That explains cross-region hits — the runtime is interpreting the array differently and then normalizing weights into integers and reordering by priority numeric asc.
Ben O: Can we confirm whether the control plane rollout for policy normalization went out yesterday? Dave, did the YAML->DB migration run?
Dave R: Yep, a migration sampled policies and normalized weight to percent integers. Looks like for some policies we accidentally re-mapped the list index to priority field when the policy had explicit priority keys. Bug is in convertPolicyList -> assignPriority(). Fix is trivial but needs a hotfix.
Carla M.: Customer is getting P95 latency ~850ms (vs 90ms expected) and wants mitigation now. Any quick workaround?
Alice S: Two options: 1) Force the API key to a dedicated routing group pinned to us-east via admin toggle (fast, manual). 2) Roll back the normalization job (safer if we can do it in <10m).
Ben O: I'll flip the pin for acme-inc to us-east for now. Carla, can you confirm the account ID?
Carla M.: acme-inc-prod-21. Please do.
Ben O: Done — pinned to us-east-1. Please ask customer to retry and share new req IDs.
Carla M.: Customer confirms new requests show X-Serving-Region: us-east-1 and latency back to ~95ms. They still want root cause and assurance it won't recur.
Dave R: I'll prepare a rollback for the normalization job and a unit test for list-vs-map semantics. Also will add stricter validation to the UI to reject decimal weights until we support them everywhere.
Alice S: Suggest we also add a temporary canary to block migration changes on policies that have explicit priority keys to avoid index-to-priority mapping.
Ben O: I'll own the postmortem and communication. Action items: Dave to hotfix and revert migration (in 2h window), Alice to add validation gate (24h), Ben to send update to acme-inc and schedule follow-up (1h).
Carla M.: I'll update the support ticket and send the customer the mitigation summary.
Ben O: Quick repro notes for infra: payload + headers for failing request: `curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer <key>" -H "X-Client-Token: abc123" https://api.redwood.ai/v1/generate -d '{"prompt":"test"}'` — compare X-Serving-Region and routing debug header X-Route-Trace.
Dave R: Added to my queue. I also found two other policies with decimal weights; will snapshot and block further normalization until fix.
route-bot: Deploys: normalization-job rollback scheduled at 2026-12-08T18:30:00Z (initiated by dave_r).
Ben O: Postmortem note (short): root cause = control-plane migration normalized policy list incorrectly, mapping array index -> priority for entries that already had priority fields. Result = effective routing priorities flipped and weights coerced to ints -> cross-region serving, higher tail latency, mis-billing region. Remediation = rollback, hotfix in assignPriority(), UI validation, and additional integration tests.
Carla M.: Thanks all, closing loop with customer now. :thumbsup: