support

Maya (Support): FYI escalation from AcmeCorp — their dashboard legend is showing the wrong labels for series and tooltips on mobile show stale metric names. They noticed it after updating the time range. Customer says it looks fine on desktop but on iOS Safari the legend colors don't match the lines and tapping a data point shows a tooltip for a different metric.

Oliver (Product): thanks. can you paste repro steps and workspace/org id? do we have screenshots or a short video? also any recent deploys to dashboard service? @sophie

Maya (Support): repro steps from customer:
1) Open Redwood Console -> Analytics -> Model Routes
2) Select timeframe: Last 24h -> Custom range (start: 2024-06-01 00:00 -> end: 2024-06-02 00:00)
3) Switch to mobile (iPhone 14, iOS 17.1, Safari) or shrink window to mobile width
4) Observe legend vs line colors mismatch and tap points for tooltip mismatch
5) Customer also noticed some charts render with missing series names (shows "--") and some numbers read as 0 for short periods.

Workspace: acme-prod-12, Customer reported Console version 3.8.1 (web). Attached screenshot + quick screen recording link: https://acme.screencaps/p/xyz123

Sophie (Frontend): thanks, looks like a rendering/DOM mismatch on mobile. I tried to reproduce on local with console@3.8.1 and saw the legend swap when the chart reflows (resize + series update). Suspect root cause: series-key generation changed in the chart refactor (v2) — keys are sometimes non-deterministic when series metadata is missing, which can cause legend entries to be matched to wrong dataset on rehydrate.

Samir (Eng): can you paste the network payload for the chart? need to see series ids vs labels. also any console errors from mobile Safari?

Maya (Support): customer pasted the response body and mobile console log. here are the key parts: 
```json
{"series":[{"id":"s_1","label":"p50_latency_ms","points":...},{"id":"s_2","label":"error_rate","points":...}],"version":"2024-06-01T12:00:00Z"}
```
But on mobile when reflow happens the front-end appears to render legend as if ids were reversed. console log shows a JS warning: "Warning: duplicate key \"undefined\" detected in ChartLegend" and a small TypeError: "Cannot read property 'label' of null" right after resize.

Sophie (Frontend): that warning nails it — we occasionally produce undefined keys for series if label is null/empty. desktop layout probably masks it (legend layout differs) but mobile reflow exposes the bug. quick mitigation: treat missing label as stable placeholder using series.id, and guard against null labels before mapping.

Samir (Eng): agree. two-pronged fix: (1) backend: ensure API always returns label (fallback to metric_name if empty) in payload; (2) frontend hotfix: use series.id as fallback key and avoid dedup on undefined. I'll open a backend patch and a frontend hotfix branch. if customer is on Dedicated we should patch prod ASAP.

Oliver (Product): timeline? customer is concerned because charts showing zeros triggered billing alerts (they think their model had a drop). escalation priority: P1 for Dedicated accounts.

Samir (Eng): opening tickets now. backend PR: redwood/infra#4587 (adds label fallback). frontend PR: redwood/web#921 (guard + stable keys). I'll add a small migration to ensure old cached dashboards rehydrate safely. estimate a hotfix deploy within 3 hours if no blockers.

Maya (Support): customer asks if there's a workaround in the UI while fix is rolling — any CSS or client-side toggle?

Sophie (Frontend): temporary workaround: on mobile use "Toggle legend" in the chart menu to collapse and re-open legend (forces a full re-render that usually fixes label mapping). Not ideal but better than wrong tooltips. I'll add that as a KB note for support.

ops-bot: Incident created: INC-2024-2317 "Dashboard legend/tooltip mismatch on mobile" — assigned to eng (Samir) and frontend (Sophie).

Maya (Support): noted, shared workaround and ETA with customer. they replied :thumbsup: but asked to confirm when rollback isn't an option.

Oliver (Product): thanks team. Sophie/Samir, please drop postmortem notes here after fixes and include reproduction artifacts so support KB can be updated.

Sophie (Frontend): will do. patching now, will post PR link and short runbook (how to validate) when ready.

Samir (Eng): deployed backend patch to staging, frontend hotfix in review. smoke-tested on iPhone Safari and Android Chrome — initial reflow looks good. will coordinate hotfix window with SRE.

Maya (Support): closing loop with customer, will mark as "in progress" and update when hotfix is live. :white_check_mark: