new-hires

Ava (Onboarding): Quick ping 1: I just sent the orientation invite for Fri 11/19 15:00 UTC. Two new hires said the Zoom passcode didn't show in their calendar preview and one says their calendar shows the wrong day. Anyone seen this pattern? cc @calendar-bot

calendar-bot: Event created: Redwood New Hire Orientation. ICS attached to the invite. Recording will be uploaded to /Onboarding/Recordings.

Diego Ramos: I got the invite and my Mac Calendar showed the right time, but my teammate on Exchange saw the event shifted +1 day. Usually means the ICS lacked a VTIMEZONE block.

Sofie L.: Also FYI Outlook Web can hide passcodes if the join link is embedded in HTML. Put the Zoom URL and the numeric passcode as separate plain-text lines in the description. That fixed it for a previous cohort.

IT Help: Checklist: 1) recreate event with timezone explicitly set to UTC (or organizer's tz) 2) paste Zoom URL on its own line and the passcode on the next line (no <> brackets) 3) export ICS and confirm it includes VTIMEZONE/TZID blocks 4) publish "Add to calendar" links on Notion as fallback.

Ava (Onboarding): Plan: I'll recreate the invite in UTC, add a tiny "Local times" list (PST/CET/SGT/AEST), paste join URL + passcode on separate lines, attach a checked ICS, and publish the add-to-calendar links in the Notion onboarding doc. I'll also add an "APAC note" saying DM if the meeting falls overnight and you'll need the recording. ETA: EOD.

Diego Ramos: One extra: for Exchange/Office365 users you want DTSTART with TZID (not a trailing Z). If you need, I can test the exported ICS on my corp Exchange and report back.

Sofie L.: Please pin the recording to Notion after the session. Some hires couldn't access Box last time due to ACLs.

IT Help: I'll pre-grant the new-hires group read access to the recordings folder. After the session, ping me the path and I'll confirm perms.

calendar-bot: Tip: Use gcalcli or the GCAL UI to publish add-to-calendar links. Example command: `gcalcli add --when "2026-11-19 15:00" --duration 75 --title "Redwood New Hire Orientation" --description "Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/xxxx
Passcode: 445566
Local times: UTC 15:00 | PST 07:00 | CET 16:00 | SGT 23:00" --calendar "Onboarding"` then export ICS and verify VTIMEZONE.

Ava (Onboarding): Thanks everyone 1: I'll post the updated invite + Notion URL here when done. If anyone still sees odd time shifts after the new ICS, reply with OS + calendar client and I'll generate a hand-exported ICS for your zone.