sales

sarah-sales: Hey folks — ACME wants a Private POC with private connectivity. They asked whether we prefer VPC peering or PrivateLink for the POC. Low-friction approach?

mike-ps: Short version: PrivateLink (interface endpoint) is usually lower friction for cross-account POCs. No route table edits, less blast radius, works with overlapping CIDRs.

julia-netops: Agree. For PrivateLink we'll need: their AWS account ID, VPC ID, two subnet IDs (one in each AZ), and confirm their CIDR. Also ask them to allow outbound 443 from the subnets to the endpoint ENIs.

kevin-acme: We can share that — ACME info: account 123456789012, VPC vpc-0a1b2c3d, CIDR 10.10.0.0/16, subnets subnet-0a111111 (10.10.1.0/24, az-a), subnet-0b222222 (10.10.2.0/24, az-b). Anything else?

julia-netops: That's perfect. A few notes:
- PrivateLink creates ENIs in those subnets. No route table changes required for the ENIs themselves.
- Their instances must be able to do outbound TLS to the ENI IPs (port 443). If they have restrictive egress NACLs or SGs, open ephemeral+443 egress.
- Recommend enabling private DNS for the endpoint so api.redwood.com resolves to the vpce addresses.

mike-ps: To answer another common Q: hosted API keys still work over PrivateLink. Traffic is private but we still authenticate via Authorization header. If they want extra auth (mTLS / client certs) we can discuss in the enterprise package.

sarah-sales: If they insist on peering, what does that involve?

julia-netops: Peering is doable but heavier: you must add routes in their route tables pointing to our peered VPC CIDR (we'll give 172.20.0.0/16). Also peering is non-transitive and fails with overlapping CIDRs. If they have TGW or other transit, that changes the design.

mike-ps: Also with peering you'll need acceptance on our side + route propagation, and we'll want to verify MTU and NACLs. Latency-wise similar, but ops complexity higher. For POC we often push PrivateLink.

kevin-acme: Any CLI sample for the endpoint creation so our infra team can spin it up quickly?

julia-netops: Yep — sample command (they must wait for our service name):
```bash
aws ec2 create-vpc-endpoint
  --vpc-id vpc-0a1b2c3d
  --service-name com.amazonaws.vpce.us-west-2.vpce-svc-0a1b2c3d4e5
  --vpc-endpoint-type Interface
  --subnet-ids subnet-0a111111 subnet-0b222222
  --security-group-ids sg-0c0ffee0
```
julia-netops: We'll provide the exact `--service-name` once our infra team publishes it in their region.

mike-ps: Quick DNS note: if they enable private DNS, hostname resolution for api.redwood.com will return vpce addresses and traffic stays inside the VPC. If they don't want private DNS, they can use the vpce DNS name (we'll give it) and/or add a hosts override.

kevin-acme: Any inbound SG rules we need to add on our side?

julia-netops: No inbound rules for our SG on their side. ENIs appear in their account; their egress to 443 needs to be allowed. From our side, our SG will allow inbound 443 from the vpce-sg range. We handle that.

mike-ps: Operational checklist for Sales/PsOps to hand off to ACME:
1) Share account ID, VPC ID, subnet IDs (done).
2) Confirm egress 443 allowed from those subnets.
3) We provision the endpoint service and send service name + acceptance instructions.
4) ACME runs `create-vpc-endpoint` and confirms ENIs up.
5) Optional: enable private DNS.
6) We run quick smoke test (curl against api host) and validate API key auth.

sarah-sales: Perfect. Can we also log the timeline? They want the POC in 5 business days.

mike-ps: We can provision service + validate within 48 business hours once we have their info and subnets. Acceptance + smoke test should be same day if ACME can create the endpoint quickly.

deploy-bot: created ticket INF-3124 for PrivateLink POC with ACME (assigned: julia-netops, mike-ps).

kevin-acme: I'll loop in our infra team and ask them to run the CLI. One more security Q: do you support IP allowlist tied to the endpoint?

julia-netops: The endpoint ENIs live in their account, so IP allowlisting on their side doesn't apply. On our side we can restrict by API key scope and/or CIDR if they want — but typical flow is API keys + service-side SG controls.

mike-ps: If they prefer peering, ask them to add a route like:
```bash
aws ec2 create-route --route-table-id rtb-0abc1234 --destination-cidr-block 172.20.0.0/16 --vpc-peering-connection-id pcx-0aa11bb22
```
and share the peering connection ID for acceptance.

sarah-sales: Good. I'll send ACME the checklist and request they enable egress and create the endpoint once we send the service name. Thanks :thumbsup:

mike-ps: Thanks — ping us on this thread when they create the endpoint and we'll run the smoke tests.

julia-netops: FYI, if anything blocks, we'll fall back to a short-lived hosted API key test over the public API to unblock the POC while networking finishes.

kevin-acme: Great, sending to infra now.

sarah-sales: closing loop — will update INF-3124 when ACME confirms.
