eng-oncall

incident-bot: Pager triggered — eu-west-2 / monitoring.probe_fail_rate above threshold (80%) for multiple probe hosts. Incident link: https://internal.redwood/incident/INC-2024-342 :rotating_light:
Maria: ACKing. I'm oncall for the shift, jumping in. Any immediate customer 5xx reports?
Jamie: Not seeing 5xx in the app LB logs. Lots of probe timeouts from our synthetic fleet though.
Raj: Looking at ingestion. I see a burst of dropped telemetry from the euw2 collectors around 12:04 UTC. Kafka consumer lag spiked on group "telemetry-ingest-euw2".
Sophie: Could be the maintenance window earlier? We had a Route53 bias change at 11:50 UTC.
Maria: Good call. Is the probe failure signal from missing heartbeats or explicit 5xx from health endpoints?
Jamie: Heartbeat timeouts. The probes mark as failed when no response in 3 attempts.
Raj: Consumer logs: "TaskTimeoutException: partition assignment stalled" and then a reconnect flood. Might explain dropped events -> alerts.
Ops-SRE: If telemetry is dropped we get false positives. We should validate whether the actual infra is healthy before paging more teams.
Maria: Running quick synthetics against a couple of backends now.

Jamie: Results: backends responding, 200 OK, avg latency 210ms. Probes still showing failures from the synthetic fleet.

Maria: So two things: probes are failing to report, but origin services look healthy. Likely an alerting false positive driven by lost telemetry.

Raj: I'm going to restart the kafka consumer on the euw2 ingest node set and tail logs. Command I'm running:```bash
kubectl -n telemetry rollout restart deployment/telemetry-ingest-euw2
kubectl logs -f deployment/telemetry-ingest-euw2 -c consumer
```

Ops-SRE: I'm going to temporarily increase the alert suppression window for the probe alert to avoid noisy pages while you restart. Changing from 3/5m -> 5/10m for euw2.

Sophie: Noted — adjust thresholds carefully. We don't want to mask real outages.

incident-bot: PagerDuty escalated to Level 2 (Raj) — PD incident: PD-52345

Raj: Restart helped, consumers rebalanced, lag is falling. Seeing telemetry resume at 12:12 UTC.

Jamie: The probe dashboard is repopulating. Fail rate dropping back to baseline.

Maria: Great. Ops-SRE, can you revert the suppression window now that data is back?

Ops-SRE: Reverting suppression. Also pushed a quick rule change to ignore probes with <3 datapoints in the last 2m to reduce sensitivity to ingestion blips.

Sophie: Can we link this to the Route53 change at 11:50? Any correlation in controller logs?

Raj: There's a flurry of controller metadata updates when the bias change propagated; that caused a short spike in config refresh events. Consumer threads hit a GC pause while reconciling. Noted in the consumer hosts with high heap usage.

Maria: Customer impact assessment: No client-facing 5xx, no escalations to support. Synthetic monitoring pages caused noisy alerts and a Level 2 escalation.

Jamie: Action items: 1) Raj to follow up with a heap tuning + GC strategy for euw2 consumers. 2) Ops-SRE to add an alert suppression guard in the runbook for telemetry-backed alerts. 3) DevEx to include a note about Route53 bias changes in the maintenance playbook.

Raj: Will open JIRA: INFRA-2189 with heap tuning + consumer resilience work.

Ops-SRE: I'll add the suppression guard PR and link runbook: https://internal.redwood/runbooks/probe-alerts

Maria: Handing off to next oncall in 30m. I'll update PD with "monitoring false positive due to telemetry ingestion flapping; mitigations applied; no customer errors observed."

oncall-scheduler: Noted — next oncall is Jamie.

Jamie: I'll monitor dashboards for the next hour. If any real backend errors show, escalate immediately.

Sophie: Postmortem requested to capture sequencing (Route53 bias change -> controller refresh -> consumer GC -> telemetry drop -> alert noise). Assigning to Raj + Ops-SRE.

Maria: Thanks team. Closing this thread once postmortem ticket is created and PRs are linked. :thumbsup: