eng-oncall

elaine: hey team — quick oncall onboarding hiccup. i'm in my first rotation but my pager isn't ringing. I got the PD invite but no schedule showing up in the mobile app. anyone seen this before?
jordan: welcome! did you accept the invite from PagerDuty and enable push notifications? also check your schedule membership: pd -> schedules -> "Oncall Rotation"
mike: @elaine sometimes our SSO token for PagerDuty needs a manual refresh after okta policy changes. go to Settings → Connected Apps → Sessions and click 'refresh' then sign out/in on mobile.
elaine: tried that, still nothing. mobile app shows "No on-call schedules". web UI shows me under the schedule though.
sanjay: pinging ops-bot to run a quick check on your schedule membership and mobile device push status.
ops-bot: @sanjay running check for user elaine...
ops-bot: result: elaine is in schedule "eng-oncall-weekdays" (member) ; push notifications enabled: false on device id xcz-7. Recommend reinstall + rebind device.
nicole: if reinstall doesn't work, we had a token mismatch last month — try removing the device binding from your PD profile (Web -> Profile -> Devices) then re-add on phone.
elaine: reinstalled, re-added device, still no push. web shows me as "notified: email only" for that schedule.
jordan: ah that explains it — schedule-specific notification rule is probably set to email for your rotation. @mike can you check the schedule notification rules?
mike: checking... found a schedule override from a temporary policy last week that set retries to email only for group "new-hires". i'll flip it back to push + sms for primary oncall members. doing now.
ops-bot: schedule update applied by mike at 1857654405 — notifications: push,sms,email; retry policy: 2m x3
elaine: it's ringing now, thanks! couple follow-ups: 1) where's the canonical runbook for the common latency P1? 2) any recommended shadowing sessions i should sign up for this week?
sanjay: runbooks are in the runbooks repo — slack link pinned in #eng-oncall -> "runbooks index" (shortlink: https://rwd.team/runbooks). look for "latency-p1-response.md". it's a living doc; feel free to PR clarifications.
nicole: for shadowing we do 2h pairing sessions — signup sheet in the #eng-oncall pinned messages. would recommend pairing with @jordan for the prometheus dashboards and with @mike for PD escalation practice.
elaine: thanks — last thing: is there a quick command to trigger a simulated pager so i can test end-to-end? don't want to disrupt prod.
jordan: yes, use the test trigger in PD (Schedules -> Oncall Rotation -> Trigger test) or from CLI: 
```
pagerduty incidents trigger --service "oncall-test" --summary "oncall test from elaine"
```
that will create a test incident scoped to the test service. it won't page higher tiers.
elaine: perfect. i'll run the CLI test after lunch and drop results here.
devex: small note — when you open PRs to the runbook, add a short regression test or checklist item so we can include it in the weekly oncall retro. also we have a 30min "oncall bootcamp" drop-in at 3pm today if you wanna join. :party_parrot:
elaine: joining the 3pm bootcamp. thanks everyone!
mike: welcome aboard and thanks for flagging the access issue — we'll add a short troubleshooting section to the onboarding checklist for next hires. :thumbsup: