product

lucy: Heads-up: sketching cross-team 'weave' for Q3->Q4 roadmap. Need to finalize critical path by Friday EOD. Main blocker is Dedicated autoscale API dependency on eng-infra. @ben can you confirm timeline? Also two customer asks that might reshuffle priorities: SSO for Private deploys and lower-latency streaming for hosted API.

ben: On infra side — autoscale API is targeted for 2026-05-22 (post-Q3). If we need it earlier we'll need 2w of eng-infra focus, plus QA. Not currently budgeted.

sam: If autoscale slips, can we sequence Dedicated launch with limited burst mode first? That would unblock product and sales.

anya: From applied ML: model quantization work may add risk to latency SLOs. We can decouple quantization rollout from feature launch — flag behind rollout. That reduces dependencies.

jake: Devex: docs + SDK changes for burst mode + SSO will take ~3 sprints to ship. If launch is pushing, propose canary with reduced SDK surface.

lucy: Okay, proposed action items: (1) ben to confirm whether 2-week expedited slot exists; (2) sam to draft phased launch plan (burst-only -> autoscale); (3) jake to write minimal SDK canary checklist; (4) anya to create quantization rollback plan. Can we commit by Thursday sync? :eyes: 

ben: @lucy I'll check capacity and ping infra leads. If we can't get expedited slot, suggest swapping out one non-customer feature to free effort.

sam: I'll mock phased plan today and post a tiny GDoc link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/FAKE123 - will include milestone gates: alpha (internal), beta (selected customers), GA.

lucy: Thanks. Also note revenue impact: top customer requested SSO — need legal signoff for data residency. @anya any blockers on eval metrics for SSO impact?

anya: SSO shouldn't affect evals. Only thing is privacy logs for debug — need ops to define retention. I'll add to the rollout risk table.

jake: I'll prep SDK delta PR template and sample code snippet for canary. Example snippet:
```
client.connect({burst: true})
```
Will feature flag it.

ops-bot: Incident Bot: reminder — infra maintenance scheduled 2026-05-20 02:00-04:00 UTC (may affect test clusters).

lucy: Good catch. That maintenance window conflicts with QA for autoscale. Ben, can infra shift or can QA use a staging cluster?

ben: Staging available. I'll coordinate. Will update by EOD with confirmed dates.

lucy: Great. We'll track critical-path in the shared spreadsheet and use Thursday sync to lock decisions. Thanks team :tada: