partnerships

Maria G.: Heads-up — BlueHarbor SI just hit a hard blocker on the Aurelia Health private deploy. They can't pull the marketplace image behind their firewall and see TLS/cosign errors. Can we do an architecture check today?
Ajay Patel: Can you paste the exact error? Is it cosign signature verification or plain TLS? @Sophie Liao any quick thoughts?
Maria G.: From the node logs: ```containerd: pull failed: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed commit on ref "sha256:...": cosign: signature verification failed: unexpected status 400; tls: handshake failure```
Sophie Liao: That looks like signature verification failing on image pull. Could be cosign key mismatch or their proxy intercepting TLS. Also check if image is OCI layout vs classic docker manifest — some older registries behave differently.
Derek H: SI notes this is an on-prem, air-gapped environment with strict egress. If cosign needs to fetch keys or CT logs, egress may be blocked. We should confirm which endpoints need outbound access.
Maria G.: They said only 443 outbound to their corporate proxy — nothing else. SI asked: can we provide an offline verification option so they don't need external egress?
Ajay Patel: We do have an offline verification flow. You can bundle the image signature + public key with the deploy package and run a local verify script. Example snippet: ```bash
# verify-image.sh
cosign verify-blob --key ./redwood-pubkey.pem ./image.tar.gz.sig
```
Sophie Liao: Great — additionally, if they're using a custom CA or TLS interception, they need our cosign pubkey in their trust store OR we provide a signed digest file that the installer can assert locally. I'll draft the minimal change to installer.
fieldeng-bot: [automated] Runbook pointer: https://confluence.redwood.ai/runbooks/marketplace-offline-verify (contains offline verification steps, key bundle format, and example scripts) :books:
Derek H: Also flagging a KMS detail: Aurelia wants to use GovCloud KMS/HSM for keys. Our current private deploy doc covers AWS KMS but not cross-account GovCloud proxies. @eng-platform-oncall we might need a short patch or proxy for cosign key retrieval if they can't store the key locally.
eng-platform-oncall: Oncall — we can support temporary key-proxy but need customer legal ok for key material routing. Suggest 30-min call with SI + customer to agree approach (offline vs proxy). I can open an infra ticket and provision a proxy if needed.
Maria G.: Let's do the call. Proposed times: today 3:30pm PT or tomorrow 10:00am PT. BlueHarbor prefers today if we can.
Sophie Liao: I'll join. I'll bring the registry/log checks and an alternative image bundle flow to avoid touching their egress policy.
Derek H: I'll bring the field-eng runbook (ports to confirm: 443 outbound for proxy, port 50051 for runtime telemetry if they opt-in, and SSH 22 for bastion/initial access). Also will prepare a rollback checklist in case we swap images.
Ajay Patel: I'll prepare the offline verify tarball and a signed digest example to hand to SI before the call.
eng-platform-oncall: I'll create ticket INFRA-4589, add legal and security review, and ping platform-eng for a possible short patch.
Maria G.: Thanks team :thumbsup: @eng-platform-oncall please add the meeting invite and include BlueHarbor SI contact. We should confirm their exact proxy TLS behavior before the call so Sophie can prioritize checks.
eng-platform-oncall: Will do — creating ticket and calendar now.
Maria G.: Appreciated. We'll update this thread with the meeting link and any pre-call artifacts.