sales

Jorge (sales): Quick CAIQ follow-up from the Acme POC — they asked: who 'owns' tenant encryption keys and audit logs when we run Dedicated with BYOK? Need a crisp answer and anything we can paste into the CAIQ responses.
Nadia (solutions): Short version: we support customer-managed keys for Dedicated/Private (BYOK) and we can export/stream audit logs to the customer's cloud. For Hosted customers we use Redwood-managed keys unless they request a Private install.
Jorge (sales): Got it. They specifically want to know rotation, emergency key revocation process, and whether Redwood personnel ever have access to plaintext keys.
Ben (sec): TL;DR: Redwood does not have admin access to customer private key material for BYOK — keys are in customer KMS/HSM. Our agents request encrypt/decrypt tokens via KMS APIs. Rotation: we call customer KMS rotate APIs or customer performs rotation; we support key aliases to avoid breaking tokens.
Nadia (solutions): Example wording we can paste into the CAIQ: "Customer-managed KMS: Customer retains exclusive control of key material in their KMS/HSM. Redwood integrates via standard KMS APIs for cryptographic operations; Redwood personnel do not have access to raw key material. Key rotation and revocation are controlled by the customer; Redwood supports aliasing and immediate rebind to rotated keys as part of deployment automation."
Priya (security-review): Can we include SLA/retention timelines for logs? They want to know whether infra logs (OS/instance) ever leave the customer's VPC for Dedicated.
Ben (sec): For Dedicated/Private: infra logs remain in the customer's network unless they opt-in to agent forwarding. Application-level request/response traces can be routed to customer's logging endpoint. We should say: "Infrastructure-level logs remain under customer control for Private deployments; for Dedicated we run in a customer-specific tenancy and provide options to forward logs to customer-managed destinations. Redwood may retain aggregated metrics for platform health per the agreed contract."
Jorge (sales): Perfect. Any short config snippet we can paste into the CAIQ where they ask about "cryptographic key ownership and logging boundaries"?
Nadia (solutions): Paste this snippet (feel free to shorten):
```yaml
shared_responsibility:
  key_management:
    customer: "Stores key material in customer KMS/HSM (BYOK). Controls rotation, revocation, and access policies."
    redwood: "Integrates with customer KMS via API to perform crypto operations. No access to raw key material. Supports aliasing for zero-downtime rotation."
  audit_logging:
    customer: "Receives application and infra logs via push to customer logging endpoint (S3/GCS/ELK). Controls retention and access."
    redwood: "May retain aggregated operational metrics and platform-level telemetry per contract. Does not ship raw customer logs outside customer-managed destinations without explicit consent."
```
Ben (sec): Add a line about emergency key compromise: "If customer reports compromise, Redwood will pause usage of the key upon customer instruction; we will assist with rebind to a replacement key and replay prevention per the incident runbook."
Priya (security-review): Also include contact for key-ops: support+keys@redwood.ai and an escalation matrix if they need 24/7.
Jorge (sales): Awesome — I'll format this into the CAIQ response and send it to Acme. One question: are there any customer types where we *do* have key access? (some vendors keep agent keys)
Ben (sec): Only exception is hosted customers who opt into Redwood-managed encryption — in that case keys are owned by Redwood and protected by our KM tooling and HSMs; we can provide attestation docs. But for Dedicated/Private + BYOK, customer-only.
sec-bot: Automated note: refer to docs/security/key-management and docs/security/logging for canonical language and the latest SOC/attestation artifacts.
Nadia (solutions): I'll drop a short bulleted CAIQ answer later today and ping you for review @Jorge. :thumbsup:
Jorge (sales): Thanks team — sending to Acme after your review. :party_parrot: