incidents

Emma (oncall): P1 alert — increased 95th pct latency for embeddings-prod since ~09:02 UTC, customers reporting timeouts. Paging Sanjay and Matt. incident-bot: Incident created INC-2026-0313 (priority=P1).
Sanjay (engineer): I'm on it. Initial glance: pod crashloop on embeddings-worker-3 after a GPU OOM spike. Pulling logs now.
Matt (infra): Noted — checking node health + recent kernel updates. If it's OOM we might need to roll a small fleet restart and move traffic.
Emma (oncall): Timeline: 09:02 alert, 09:05 errors spike visible in SLO dashboard. Customer impact: some embeddings requests either time out or return 503. Need quick mitigation and then a thorough RCA + SLA eligibility.
Sanjay (engineer): Quick mitigation plan: 1) scale up embeddings-worker by +2 replicas, 2) evict suspect pod, 3) enable autoscaling policy override to avoid immediate reschedule on same node. Command I'll run: ```kubectl scale deploy/embeddings-worker --replicas=6 -n prod && kubectl delete pod embeddings-worker-3 -n prod```
Matt (infra): Doing a controlled pod delete now. Also isolating node gke-prod-14 for health checks — cordoning to prevent scheduling.
ops-bot: Rolling restart triggered by Matt. Progress: 3/6 pods available.
Sanjay (engineer): After replica bump latency dropped back within normal range for most requests. Still seeing a small tail ~1% errors. I'll watch for 10m and then we can decide on traffic backfill.
Emma (oncall): Good. Can someone prepare a short status page update and a customer-facing email template for impacted orgs? We need to assess SLA credit eligibility while it's fresh.
Jules (support): I'll draft the customer notice. Quick Q: do we have a final impacted window to reference? Might be 09:02–09:18 UTC so far, but we should wait until traffic fully stabilizes.
Matt (infra): Confirmed stabilization at ~09:16 after restart and evictions. Node gke-prod-14 showed OOM events at 09:01–09:04; cordoned and flagged for followup.
Linda (Billing): For SLA credits: if we classify this as a service disruption that breaches the 99.95% uptime SLO for embeddings-endpoint, we need the impacted duration and affected customers list to calculate pro-rata credits. I'll need: incident id, start/end timestamps, and list of customer account IDs (support can provide).
Jules (support): I can pull the list by filtering error logs for service ids and submitting a CSV. Will post here by EOD.
Sanjay (engineer): Root cause hypothesis: GPU memory leak in recent runtime patch (rolled 03/11). Containers hit intermittent OOM under bursty batch requests. I'll open an issue and assign to runtime team. For mitigation I'd like to roll back the patch on a canary subset tonight unless QA objects.
Emma (oncall): OK. For communications: draft status page blurb and customer email below. Please review and edit.
Emma (oncall): Status page draft: ```We experienced elevated latency and request failures for the embeddings endpoint between 09:02 UTC and 09:16 UTC on 2026-03-13. The incident was caused by a runtime memory regression that led to GPU OOM on a subset of workers. We mitigated the issue by scaling workers and isolating affected nodes; services are now stable. We are investigating and will post an RCA with next steps and any credit eligibility.```
Sanjay (engineer): Suggest adding: "Engineering is evaluating whether the regression meets SLA credit criteria."
Emma (oncall): Updated status page: ```We experienced elevated latency and request failures for the embeddings endpoint between 09:02 UTC and 09:16 UTC on 2026-03-13. Root cause: a runtime memory regression causing GPU OOMs. Mitigation: scaled workers and isolated affected nodes; service restored by 09:16 UTC. Engineering is evaluating SLA credit eligibility. Full RCA forthcoming.```
Jules (support): Customer email template (please tweak): ```Hi <Customer>,

We wanted to let you know about a service disruption affecting embeddings between 09:02–09:16 UTC on 2026-03-13 which may have caused timeouts or errors for requests to your embeddings endpoint. We mitigated the issue and service is restored.

We are investigating root cause and will follow up with a detailed incident report. If your applications experienced data loss or unexpected behavior, please reply and we'll prioritize a deeper look.

If the incident qualifies under our SLA, we will apply pro-rata service credits to your next invoice—our billing team will contact you with specifics.

Apologies for the interruption,
The Redwood Inference team```
Linda (Billing): Once support sends the customer list, I'll calculate credits using the formula in the contract (credit = Monthly Fee * outage_minutes / total_minutes_in_month, subject to caps). I'll prepare an internal memo with estimated credits per account for review.
Emma (oncall): Decision steps before closing: 1) Confirm impacted customer list (Jules), 2) Confirm final start/end times (Emma + Matt + Sentry), 3) Billing estimates (Linda), 4) Draft customer notifications sent (Jules), 5) RCA opened and assigned (Sanjay). Anyone object?
Matt (infra): No objections. I'll keep the node cordoned and collect kernel logs for RCA.
Sanjay (engineer): I'll open GH issue runtime#452 and assign to @runtime-team with logs and repro.
Jules (support): I'll send the customer template now and attach incident id INC-2026-0313; will also create the CSV of impacted accounts and post in this thread by 14:30 UTC.
Linda (Billing): I'll queue the provisional credit calculations and aim to have a draft by 16:00 UTC for finance review.
incident-bot: INC-2026-0313 status changed to "Mitigated" by Emma.
Emma (oncall): Handing off monitoring to Matt for next 2 hours. Matt, please ping here if you see any regression. I'll update the incident timeline and start the post-incident checklist.
Matt (infra): Taking watch. I'll escalate immediately if tail errors rise above 0.5%.
Sanjay (engineer): Logging note: don't forget to revert canary or apply quick fix tomorrow morning; I'll coordinate with runtime lead.
Jules (support): CSV of impacted accounts posted: /files/INC-2026-0313/impacted_accounts.csv (link).
Linda (Billing): Got it — pulling data and will align credits to account billing cycles.
Emma (oncall): Thanks everyone. Closing thread for live mitigation; reopen if new symptoms surface. We'll collect RCA and credit estimates in a follow-up thread. :white_check_mark: