new-hires

Kaiya Morris: hey everyone! first day here — joining as a platform SWE (PST). quick intro: used to work on infra at a tiny fintech. fun fact: I make bonsai and have a tiny ficus I bring to desks when allowed :seedling: :wave:

Kaiya Morris: couple of setup q's — who do I ping for a monitor stand and ergonomic keyboard? also need access to the dev k8s cluster and the internal docs. my Okta invite showed up but MFA flow got stuck on phone verification.

Jordan Lee: welcome Kaiya!! :tada: I’m Jordan (platform eng). I’ll be your buddy this week — can set up a 30m intro and walkthrough today. pinged @IT Support for the monitor/keyboard. for cluster access, tag @matt or follow the k8s onboarding doc linked below.

Matt Chen: hey Kaiya — welcome :coffee: I’ve added you to the dev-k8s group and started a cluster role request. expect a separate invite in ~10m. if you need quick kubectl access, run the proxy command below after you get your token:

```bash
# once you have kubeconfig from infra
kubectl config use-context redwood-dev
kubectl port-forward svc/dev-proxy 8080:80 -n dev
```

Matt Chen: also sent you a calendar invite for a short pairing on the onboarding tasks at 3pm PST.

IT Support: Hi Kaiya — welcome! We received a request for a monitor stand + ergo keyboard. Can you confirm preferred keyboard (mechanical vs scissor) and whether you want 1 or 2 monitors? We'll queue the hardware order. For MFA issues, try clearing the Authenticator app cache or the Okta "Device Setup" flow, then re-attempt. If still failing, reply here and we can do SMS verification.

Kaiya Morris: thanks — 1 monitor is fine, scissor keyboard please. I tried SMS and it worked once, but the app prompt still hung. will try cache clear and report back.

HR Bot: Welcome to Redwood, Kaiya! Your swag request has been submitted (tee + hoodie). Please fill out this short preferences form: https://intranet.redwood/swag-form. New hire paperwork reminders were sent to your email.

Priya Rao: hey hi! I’m Priya on DE (docs/DevEx). If you’re editing onboarding docs, I can show how we keep snippets and code blocks evergreen. Also, if you have bonsai pics, please share — we run a very serious plant channel :smile:

Ops Bot: FYI — scheduled a short workspace tour at 4:30pm PST (kitchen, printers, badge access). Badge provisioning for Kaiya is pending — expect update in ~20m.

Kaiya Morris: perfect, thanks everyone. super excited to be here. any recommended first issues to look at for platform? I can start with infra health dashboards or perf regression alerts.

Jordan Lee: start with ERR-ops-101 in the onboarding checklist — it’s small and helps you get credentials flowing. also join #platform-weekly and #plant-care :grin:

Matt Chen: ERR-ops-101 + a quick read of the batching suggestions doc. feel free to pair with me for the first PR. once your SSH keys are in, clone the repo with:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:redwood-inference/platform.git
```

Kaiya Morris: copying commands down. thanks for the warm welcome — I’ll ping if MFA still fails. see you all at 3pm pairing and the tour later! :wave: