eng-releases

sara: Quick alert: temporary release freeze for the train — we're pausing all non-critical rollouts to investigate a regression in the quant-plugin that's increasing tail latency on small-batch chat. Will update timeline after the first validation pass.

ken: Which model routes are seeing the impact?

sara: Mostly chat-v2 and chat-legacy when payloads are batched <4. P95 up ~40ms. Not a full outage but enough to justify a short embargo.

ravi: I saw a spike in the canary logs earlier, memory churn around attn cache flush. Pausing canary promotions from canary-a.

release-bot: canary-a promotions paused by ravi at 2026-03-12T11:15Z.

ops-oncall: Starting a validation pass: will roll the quant-plugin patch to one canary pod, run 20m load test with small batches, capture latency + mem graphs. ETA 30-45m.

sara: Exception process for urgent fixes during embargo:
```
/permit-deploy TRAIN-URGENT --pr <URL> --reason "hotfix: quant-plugin tail latency" --approvers @eng-sre @release-mgr
```
Must include smoke test commands and rollback sha.

ken: Short-term mitigation options? Can we increase batch window client-side to reduce small-batch effects?

ravi: Yes — recommend raising client batching threshold to 8 for the next 24h where feasible and enabling the legacy batching shim. Also consider soft-throttling chat-v2 to 60 rps for affected canary.

ops-oncall: First canary pod patched. 20m load run in progress. Posting dashboards in ~25m.

sara: Thanks. I'll update the release calendar and disable auto-unfreeze. Please escalate any regressions here and add a line to the postmortem after we close the incident.

ops-oncall: Load run complete: latency returned to baseline on patched pod, mem churn reduced. Proceeding with staggered roll across canary-a with 10m stagger.

ravi: Re-enable promotions only after 1h of full-canary stability and green smoke tests.

sara: Gate confirmed. Freeze remains until we hit stability window or 12:30 UTC tomorrow, whichever is earlier.