new-hires

Augie Tran: Hi folks 44b Just opened my welcome box a couple issues: no ethernet dongle, headset mic is crackly, and redwood-sec connects but packet loss is high (zoom drops). Any quick fixes?
Maya (People Ops): welcome Augie!! @Augie Tran we can queue spare gear. ping IT here. Also fyi there's a new hire lunch on Friday if you want to join :taco:
Samir_IT: Hey Augie 44b sorry for the hiccups. Can you confirm laptop model and OS? For Zoom loss, try a speedtest on redwood-guest vs redwood-sec and paste results.
Augie Tran: MacBook Air M2 macOS 13.5. Speedtest on redwood-guest: 150 Mbps down / 30 up. redwood-sec: 2 Mbps down / 1 up and lots of packet loss. Headset model: Logitech H390, mic crackles intermittently.
it-bot: Ticket created: INC-2026-0412 (assigned: it_support)
Samir_IT: Thanks. Two things: 1) Networking team recently toggled a QoS rule that can mis-classify devices without the "corp-device" tag; I'm asking infra to check if your MAC is on the VLAN. Please run in terminal: `ifconfig en0 | grep ether` and DM me the MAC. 2) For the headset, try a different USB port and check Sound prefs > Input levels; also test in QuickTime > New Audio Recording to see if crackle shows up in system capture.
Augie Tran: DM'd MAC: 6c:40:08:aa:7b:c2. Tried different ports, still crackle in QuickTime.
Glen: I can drop by this afternoon (PST office) with a spare ethernet dongle and a replacement headset if needed. What floor are you on?
Maya (People Ops): Augie is remote in SF but can meet at office 'W 4th' if you bring.
Samir_IT: Network team confirmed your MAC was hitting the guest VLAN due to missing device tag. I've pushed the corp-device tag and forced DHCP renew. Try `sudo dhclient -r && sudo dhclient` or reboot. Also we'll ship a powered USB ethernet adapter in an expedited box.
Augie Tran: Rebooted and redwood-sec now shows 180 Mbps down / 40 up. Zoom stable. :relieved: Headset still crackles though.
Samir_IT: Good news on Wi-Fi. Leaving headset hardware on the ticket, Glen will coordinate drop-off. We'll also include a couple of cable ties and a tiny desk mic clip for the new headset.
Augie Tran: Awesome, thanks everyone. Appreciate the fast turnaround! :thumbsup: