customer-success

Nina (Support): P1 - Astera Clinics trial blocked: embeddings return 403 when more than 12 concurrent users hit the API. Customer says this is blocking a scheduled demo on Tuesday and theyre worried about renewal if we don't resolve. See ticket: https://redwood.atlassian.net/browse/INC-7120

Nina (Support): Quick log excerpt:
```text
403 Forbidden - quota limit
org: org-astera-77
current_limit: 12
request_amount: 20
```

Luca (CS): Looping @Sam to coordinate immediate unblock and comms. I can own the customer message. Need options: temporary seat loan, manual quota bump, or expedited legal signoff.

Sam (AM): Billing says the PO is stuck in legal review, ETA ~48h. I can offer a "seat loan" for up to 10 seats for 3 business days with AM approval; we need a signed confirmation afterward. I'll confirm with the customer if they accept.

Jared (SRE): Operationally we can do a console quota bump to 30 for up to 72h. Command we use internally:
```bash
redwood-cli quota set --org org-astera-77 --limit 30 --expires "72h" --note "temp seat loan - AM approved pending PO"
```
This is fast and reversible.

Luca (CS): Draft comms to customer (short):
"Hi Priyanka, we can provision a short-term 10-seat boost so your team can finish the demo while legal finishes the PO. This boost will be temporary (3 days) and will be reconciled once the PO is complete. Please reply 'Please proceed' if you'd like us to provision now. - Luca"

Sam (AM): I'll reach out to Priyanka now and include the finance contact. If no reply within 4 hours, escalate to the executive sponsor as per the high-touch playbook.

finance-bot: Noted. Temporary quota increases require AM approval and will generate a prorated invoice. Created billing task BILL-2024 for manual reconciliation.

Nina (Support): Added reproduction steps and attach HAR. Customer reports 9 users blocked during the last trial session. Marking support action required complete once we confirm quota bump.

Jared (SRE): If the customer accepts, I'll apply the console bump and post the job ID here. If legal is expected to be >48h we should prefer the console bump over multiple provisioning tickets to reduce churn.

Luca (CS): Action list summary: 1) Sam to send offer and get AM approval. 2) If approved, Jared to apply 72h quota bump and post job id. 3) Sam to flag renewal risk in Gainsight and schedule a 15m post-demo check-in for retention play. 4) Finance to reconcile after PO. I'll update thread with customer response.

Sam (AM): Sent message to customer and CC'd finance. Copy of the sent note: 
"Priyanka, we can provision a 10-seat temporary boost for 72 hours to ensure your demo goes smoothly. Approve by replying here and we'll provision immediately. Regards, Sam (AM)"

Nina (Support): Thanks team. Please ping here once the bump is live so I can close the support incident. :pray: