eng-infra

alex: Heads up — new alert: gpupool-eu3 showing 7 nodes NotReady after the rollout. kubelet logs reporting 'nvidia-init timeout' during driver init. Anyone looking?

priya: saw it, autoscaler attempted replacements but new nodes stay NotReady. CA is flagging capacity constrained and backing off. Not yet sure if it's driver install or networking.

sam: pasting kubelet snippet I grabbed: ```Mar 30 12:05:12 kubelet[2893]: nvidia-init: waiting for /var/lib/nvidia-init/ok (timeout 120s)
Mar 30 12:07:12 kubelet[2893]: nvidia-init: timed out, failing node registration``` then device-plugin throws `driver not found` afterwards.

alex: hmm could be kernel module mismatch from the image bump earlier today. Which nodepool did the rollout target?

priya: eu3-gpu-preemptible-1 — image rdx-gpu-2026-03-18. Cloud-init logs show the driver rpm fetch step failing intermittently; looks like blobstore 403/connection reset in the same window as the rollout.

oncall: paging infra-sre @samir — this is affecting staging GPU runs and a few customer test pipelines.

samir: I'll SSH into a failing node now to see whether driver packages are missing or init containers crashed. If it's a fetch issue we can patch the daemonset to skip remote pull and use packaged driver.

sam: short-term workaround idea: spin up a new nodepool with the previous image and point CA to prefer it, then cordon/delete the bad nodes. It's slower/costly but avoids waiting on rollback permission.

alex: note CA is already applying backoff: `I0503 12:17:32 cluster-autoscaler: backoff for nodegroup eu3-gpu-preemptible-1: exponential backoff (120s)` — so scaling is paused intermittently which increases pressure.

priya: device-plugin logs show `failed to register with kubelet: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = driver not found` once init times out, so even if the node comes up, gpu scheduling fails until driver/uvm loads.

samir: rollback attempt to previous image initiated, but hitting IAM error when trying to perform image update: `permission denied: compute.images.use`. tagging infra-ops @maria for temporary elevated access.

maria: granting short-lived role to samir in 15m. Quick question: do we want to patch the nodepool config to increase driver init timeout as a safety net, or prefer rollback?

priya: increasing timeout could let nodes register without driver, which is dangerous (pods might schedule onto node without gpu). I'd prefer rollback or new pool with older image.

sam: agree — create a hot-pool with the known-good image and set CA weights instead of risking mis-scheduled gpu pods.

oncall: FYI customers are seeing a ~30% drop in available GPU capacity. estimated impacted = ~220 GPUs.

samir: rollback completed at 1738201400, started monitoring. nodes are re-registering and nvidia-init success count increasing.

priya: CA resumed node registration at 1738201456, now device-plugin registering successfully on 3 of 7 previously failing nodes. still watching for flapping.

alex: follow-up: opened INFRA-3421 to add an image rollout preflight that runs the nvidia-init flow in a dry-run stage and tightened blobstore IAM checks in the pipeline. :thumbsup:

sam: thanks all — I'll keep the alert muted for noise and post a summary once capacity is back to normal.

oncall: marking incident semi-resolved; will reopen if NotReady count rises again.