customer-success

Marco (Support): Heads up — onboarding for CrescentML hitting a provisioning surge, ~500% error rate over the last 10m. Support triage: 502s on /v1/provision and 429s on embeddings. Can't complete activation. Escalating to CS for customer comms & priority handling. Tenant: crescent-qa-48.
Aisha (CS Lead): On it. Thanks for the ping. Do we have a temporary workaround so they can continue trial?
Marco (Support): Tried regen API key and soft-retry loop, gave them a key that bypassed the rate limiter for a few calls (short window). Sent logs and tenant id to infra. No full fix yet.
Priya (CSM): Can we schedule a 30m call with the customer within the hour and send a proactive note? Renewal flagged low-touch but this trial looked promising — want to avoid churn.
Devon (Solutions Eng): If infra approves, we can route their provisioning traffic to fallback pool (lower perf) while upstream is fixed. Requires support to update config:
```sh
curl -X POST /internal/reroute -d '{"tenant":"crescent-qa-48","pool":"fallback-provision"}'
```
Marco (Support): Confirmed infra will standby for reroute. I can apply the config once we get sign-off.
Aisha (CS Lead): Priya, draft the comms. High-level plan: 1) immediate email acknowledging impact + ETA window 2) enable fallback routing to unblock onboarding 3) scheduled call w/ SE and Support within 60m 4) follow-up postmortem and credits if needed.
Priya (CSM): Drafting — will include safety language and next steps. Proposed customer-facing timeline: 15m update, 60m call, resolution/next update 3 hours. OK?
Marco (Support): 15m update prepared. SE + infra contact info included. Sending now.
Devon (Solutions Eng): If we reroute, we'll need to toggle back after fix. I'll add an automatic expiry of 4 hours on the fallback rule.
Aisha (CS Lead): Good. Priya — include suggested talking points: apology, what we did, how we’ll prevent recurrence, and a mention of credits if activation is materially delayed. Keep it concise.
Priya (CSM): Done. Pasting message I sent to the customer in #private-dm for record.
incident-bot: Incident created: #INC-2025-1874 (priority: P2) — linked to this thread.
Aisha (CS Lead): Assigning ownership — CS: Priya for comms and customer call; Support: Marco to execute reroute; Solutions: Devon to monitor; I'll own postmortem and renewal outreach.
Marco (Support): Executing reroute now. Will post status in 2m.
Priya (CSM): Call scheduled at +45m. Calendar invite sent to CrescentML with join link.
Aisha (CS Lead): Thanks team. Keep updates short here. :thumbsup:
Marco (Support): Reroute applied, returning 200. Customer provisioning resumed at limited capacity. Monitoring for errors.
Devon (Solutions Eng): Seeing steady progress, error rate down to baseline. Will keep an eye on KV and quota metrics.
Priya (CSM): Customer on call — they confirmed activation success for first seat. Appreciative of quick action.
Aisha (CS Lead): Great outcome. After postmortem, let's lock in a short enablement doc for trial provisioning steps and add it to onboarding playbook.
Priya (CSM): Adding to playbook now.
Marco (Support): Closing loop with infra to remove fallback after full fix.
Aisha (CS Lead): Closing this thread once incident is resolved and postmortem is posted. Thanks everyone.