postmortems

sarah: Quick follow-up from the db-throttle postmortem — we have a pile of action items but no clear owners for a few. Can folks claim what they own and add Jira IDs? Need RACI and a timeline (preferably 2-week cadence for high-priority).

lucas: I can take the infra autoscale + replica config item. Will open a ticket today and link here. Aiming for a canary next sprint.

ben: I’ll own alert tuning + runbook updates. I’ll do a quick spike tomorrow to validate the thresholds.

anya: I’ll own recurring-pattern analysis (look across last 6 incidents) and training for oncall. Will add SLO impact notes to the ticket.

maria: As product, I’ll be I on the RACI for customer-facing comms and backlog prioritization. I’ll review tickets once they’re created.

dev-ops: Created temp ticket RWF-2121 for autoscale investigation, unassigned. Lucas, please /assign when you create final ticket. Link: https://redwood.atlassian.net/browse/RWF-2121

lucas: Creating draft JIRA now — copying the template:

```
summary: Autoscale policy + replica config to reduce db throttle incidents
components: infra, serving-runtime
labels: postmortem, reliability
assignee: lucas
priority: Major
```

will edit and link to the postmortem doc.

ben: RACI proposal for the items we talked about: R: lucas (infra tweaks), ben (alerts/runbook); A: eng-sre; C: product (maria), infra; I: oncall rotation + stakeholders. Thoughts?

anya: That looks good. For the recurring-pattern action, R: anya, A: eng-ml (pattern analysis), C: lucas/ben, I: product. I’ll start a small playbook for the analysis.

maria: Good — please add owner + ETA to each ticket. For timeline, can we aim 2 weeks for alerts/runbook and 3 weeks for infra changes (inc. canary + rollback plan)?

sarah: Sounds reasonable. Can we put these into a single remediation epic so we can track slippages? If yes, create epic RWF-3000 and link children.

lucas: Yep — will create epic RWF-3000 and add RWF-2121 as child + new autoscale ticket RWF-2122.

dev-ops: RWF-2122 created and linked to RWF-3000.

oncall-bot: Incident bot: summary and timeline added to the postmortem doc. Next follow-up check-in scheduled in 7 days.

ben: Quick note — for runbooks, prefer short, actionable checklists and a TL;DR for first responders. I’ll draft and post a PR.

anya: Also proposing a recurring 2-month review of these remediations to surface regressions — add to RWF-3000 as a recurring task.

maria: Agree on recurring review. Product will add acceptance criteria for what we consider 'resolved' (lookback 30 days no recurrence).

sarah: OK — owners: lucas (infra), ben (alerts/runbook), anya (recurring analysis), maria (product I). Tickets: RWF-2121 (investigation), RWF-2122 (autoscale change), RWF-2123 (alerts/runbook). Epic RWF-3000 tracks them all. ETA: 2-3 weeks per above.

lucas: I’ll update the RWF tickets with PR links and canary playbook.

ben: PR for runbook coming by EOD. :white_check_mark:

anya: I’ll post the initial incident-pattern notebook and link to RWF-3000 tomorrow.

sarah: Thanks all. I’ll follow up in the 7-day check-in and we’ll close or re-triage items then. If anyone needs help moving tickets, ping me.

maria: Thanks — marking as actioned for this thread.

oncall-bot: Follow-up reminder posted: next check-in in 7 days (2039105923).