eng-oncall

alex-new: Hi all — quick checklist before my first on-call night. Do I need any special cloud creds or VPN rules that aren't in the handbook? I tried running the staging alert playbook but Alertmanager returned 401.

nishant-sre: Welcome Alex! :wave: You should have a temporary vault token from people-ops. If Alertmanager 401s it's likely your vault token expired or your kube serviceaccount isn't bound to the alert-reader role. Which cluster?

alex-new: staging-us-west. I was using my personal laptop; ran `kubectl get pods -n monitoring` and got unauthorized.

nishant-sre: Ok two parallel things: 1) Make sure you joined the VPN (corp-vpn), 2) request the "oncall-k8s" role in the infra console (infra.redwood.com -> Access -> Roles). I can grant the role but need your LDAP username.

alex-new: ldap: alexander.t. Sent a request in the access workflow. Also asked infra for an ssh bastion key but not sure if that's needed for runbook steps.

liz: Bastion only required if you need direct node access during certain database incidents. Most triage uses metrics + logs from grafana/elk; we try to avoid node SSH. If you get a P0 that needs node-level investigation, we'll pair.

ops-automation-bot: Alert dry-run scheduled: incident-sim-177031 at 2026-04-27T19:30:00Z. Notifying runbook channel.

alex-new: Nice. Is the dry-run noisy? I don't want to wake people.

nishant-sre: It's safe — it triggers pager B in the staging PD schedule only and posts to #eng-oncall-staging. No production alerts. We'll mute global paging.

alex-new: During the dry-run, should I practice running the mitigation commands in the runbook? There's a step about rotating API keys in KeyVault and I'm not confident with az cli.

liz: For practice, use the `kv-rotate-sim` script in our repo which simulates rotation without touching real secrets. Steps:```git clone git@github.com:redwood/ops-playbooks.git
cd ops-playbooks/tools
./kv-rotate-sim --env staging --service alertmanager```

alex-new: Thanks, cloning now. Also got a 403 when opening Runbooks > Oncall > Escalation matrix in the handbook earlier.

nishant-sre: 403 on docs usually means SSO group missing. I just added you to group `oncall-readers`. Try reloading incognito to force SSO. If still 403, tell me and I'll raise infra ticket.

infra-bot: Access grant applied: alexander.t -> group:oncall-readers. Expires in 30 days. Ticket #INF-4921 created for permanent role.

alex-new: Confirmed I can open the escalation matrix now. Huge relief. One more: where's the canonical incident severity rubric? The handbook one seems slightly out of date compared to the runbook annotations.

liz: We maintain the authoritative rubric in the runbook itself (top section). The handbook copies the short version — runbook overrides handbook. Look for "Severity rubric (source of truth)" header in the runbook.

alex-new: Perfect. For the pairing schedule, who am I shadowing for Week A/B handoff? My onboarding email said "oncall buddy assigned" but no name.

nishant-sre: You're paired with me for first shadow session Thurs 09:00-11:00. I'll walk you through PD overrides, how to annotate incidents, and our postmortem checklist. I'll also show you how to reassign incidents to SRE.

alex-new: Great. Can we run through a mock escalation where a service misbehaves and we need to failover traffic? I'd like to practice the traffic-cut commands.

liz: Sure — during your shadow I'll trigger a simulated deploy-failure in staging and walk you through `redwoodctl routing cut` and `redwoodctl canary rollback`. We'll also practice the emergency rollback play.

ops-automation-bot: Reminder: On-call orientation session Friday 11:00 in #eng-oncall. Slides uploaded: https://docs.redwood.com/oncall/orientation.

alex-new: One last logistics Q: how do I log time spent shadowing or training for payroll / onboarding reporting?
nishant-sre: People-ops wants "oncall-training" tag in the time sheet. Add a short note "1.5h oncall shadow with SRE" and tag your manager.

alex-new: Thanks everyone, appreciate the fast help. I'll test kv-rotate-sim and join the dry-run. If I hit any error I'll ping @nishant-sre in DMs. :thumbsup: