eng-security

maya: CI SAST flagged PR #412 with two HIGHs: hardcoded_credential in src/config/keygen.go and possible sql_injection in pkg/db/query_builder.go. Posted logs in the artifact bundle.

alex: looking now. SQL case looks like a missing paramization in the query builder for an edge path; patch incoming. The hardcoded key smells like a test fixture leftover.

sam: spun up the review app from the PR build. DAST shows an open-redirect on /auth/callback when redirect param is unvalidated, but I couldn't reproduce in my local dev env. Leaving notes in the DAST report.

rachel: can you paste the exact SAST snippet for the hardcoded secret (file,line,fingerprint) so we can link it to the suppression rules if it's test-only?

maya: excerpt from SAST:```rule: hardcoded_credential
file: src/config/keygen.go:42
match: "AKIAEXAMPLE12345"
severity: HIGH
fingerprint: sha256:abcd1234...```

alex: that value is in testdata/fixtures/keys.go. It's an example key used by TestKeyGenerator. I'll replace it with a runtime generator (fake.NewKey()) and update the test to not checkin literals.

maya: do not just add a suppression. Policy requires test-only secrets be sanitized or generated at runtime and a comment referencing the SAST ticket.

tyler: quick ops/RBAC question: PR #410 needs kms:Decrypt on the inference-service role for a new dedup worker. Does that need a sec approval flow or is the normal code reviewer enough? We did similar roles last quarter.

rachel: add the sec-review label whenever KMS or IAM policies are changed, and require two security approvers. Also include a migration note for key rotation and explicit aliases (no wildcards).

maya: add to that: PRs granting KMS perms must include (1) justification text in the PR body, (2) explicit key alias ARN, (3) audit logging enabled in the key policy, and (4) documented rotation cadence.

alex: our platform keys are on 180d rotation; customer-managed keys are 90d. Can we stick to 180d for this service account?

tyler: 180d sounds fine, but add a TODO to revisit if DL/PII workloads land.

sam: back to the DAST finding: looks like a third-party oauth redirect param. I think it's a FP if we URL-encode and validate the redirect host allowlist. I'll add an integration test that exercises allowed hosts and rejects others.

maya: proposed vuln triage workflow: (A) Confirm reproducible in CI ephemeral environment; (B) If reproducible, open a SEC tracking issue, normalize severity, assign owner; (C) If not reproducible, add reproducibility notes and close as FP; (D) If test-only secret, replace and link commit plus SAST rationale and close.

alex: will open SEC-2029 to track both findings and reference PR #412. I'll land the SQL fix and update the fixture test today.

maya: CI policy change: fail merges on NEW HIGH findings (delta-only). Existing HIGHs must have a tracking ticket. Can eng-infra help with a GH Action that diffs current scan against baseline?

rachel: we already store a baseline at artifacts/ci/sast/baseline.json. I can prototype a GitHub Action that computes the delta and fails if any new severity >= HIGH. I'll drop the draft workflow in eng-infra channel.

oncall-bot: SEC-2029 created by alex. Priority: p2. Assignees: alex, maya.

alex: assigning myself to the code fixes and maya for security review. I'll tag after push. :thumbsup:

maya: action items and owners: 1) alex - replace fixture key and push fix (due EOD today); 2) rachel - PR CI delta action draft (due EOW); 3) sam - DAST host allowlist integration test (due next Tue); 4) tyler - update PR #410 with explicit key alias and rotation note.

tyler: noted and adding sec-review label + checklist to the PR now.

maya: final request — add CloudTrail/Stackdriver audit log query pointers to the PR template for any KMS permission changes. Auditors asked for a 90-day link when approving.

rachel: will add a checklist entry in infra/README and a template snippet: "Provide CloudTrail query or Stackdriver link for last 90 days showing decrypt events for the alias."

alex: thanks all. Pushing patch shortly and will notify when CI is green.
