design

Priya: dropped a lightweight prototype for the threshold control + channel preview flow. TL;DR: hybrid slider + numeric input, and a condensed "Snooze" pill state. PTAL: https://www.figma.com/file/proto-thresholds
Maya: looked — love the hybrid control. one thing: the slider uses percent visual but the SLOs are often counts. need clear unit label and keyboard increment behaviour.
Alex: agree. suggest keyboard step of 1 for small ranges and ctrl+arrow for larger jumps. numeric input should sync with slider instantly.
Sam: perf heads-up: when we render channel previews we should resolve routing on the client once and memoize it; avoid re-evaluating rules on every keystroke. cache key could be rule-hash + mapping-version.
Tess: accessibility: the slider must support aria-valuetext with both raw number and humanized unit, e.g. "40 errors per minute". also ensure color contrast for the active track (dark theme).
Priya: got it. for the preview panel I mocked two modes: "Delivery" (concrete endpoints) and "Rule view" (which rule matched). which is preferred?
Maya: ops wants "Delivery" first. non-ops users prefer the rule name. maybe deliver endpoints primary with a tiny breadcrumb: "via: <rule-name>" collapsible.
Alex: good. microcopy: the pill currently reads "Muted". change to "Snoozed until 15:20". add `aria-label='Snoozed until 2026-03-20 15:20 UTC'` for screen readers.
Tess: also accessibility: when snooze is applied show a live region announcement: "Alert snoozed until 15:20". Use polite politeness so it doesn't interrupt narration.
Sam: UX question: should the snooze pill be inline in the list row or only inside the details rail? Inline is more visible but increases clutter for dense views.
Priya: thinking inline but compact: small text + pill icon; clicking expands to show full rule and edit controls in a popover. keyboard users can tab to the pill to open the popover.
Alex: implement popover with `role=dialog` and focus trap while open. also add Escape to close and restore focus to the pill button.
Maya: copy tweak for preview: instead of "Will notify:" use "Delivering to:" — a bit more active. Also show icons (Slack, PagerDuty) to increase scannability.
Tess: contrast: icons need alt text and visible label; avoid using color alone to convey delivery status.
Sam: integration detail: when channel mapping is stale, show an inline warning: "Channel mapping changed • refresh preview" with a small refresh button. Clicking re-resolves routes.
Priya: added a "what-if" toggle too — simulates alternate mapping. needs `aria-pressed` state and visible on/off label.
Alex: CSS suggestion for focus states I've used in runtime: ```css
.compact-pill:focus-visible{ outline: 3px solid #00b8d9; outline-offset: 2px }
.preview-panel[role="status"]{ border-left: 3px solid #e2e8f0 }
```
Maya: thanks. Priya can you also add a tiny history crumb under details: "Snoozed by A. Chen — 2 days ago" so engineers get context.
Priya: yes. will include last-action row and an empty-state help link when no history exists.
Tess: one more a11y guard: any hover-only affordance must have a focusable equivalent. previews on hover must be reachable via keyboard focus and announced with aria-live.
Sam: agreed. final ask: persist preview opt-out per user in local settings so power users can disable it. store flag in profile preferences.
Priya: will mock preferences toggle. thanks everyone — I'll push the updated frames with annotations for aria attributes and copy changes tonight. sync tomorrow 2pm to finalize labels?
Maya: 2pm works.
Tess: added to calendar. @ops-bot can you create invite and enable recording?
ops-bot: Meeting created: "Design sync — Thresholds & Delivery preview" Tue 2:00 PM. Recording enabled.