support

alex: Hey team — after switching a chunk of traffic to rwd-3-large with 64k context were suddenly hitting lots of 429s and tail latency spikes. Auth token looks fine, billing shows activity, customers are seeing failures. Anyone run into model-specific RPM/TPM or concurrency gotchas?

maya-support: Sorry for the disruption. Quick clarifying q: are the 429s immediate on burst or after a sustained ramp? Also can you paste one raw error body (sanitized) and a request id from x-rw-request-id?

alex: They usually appear after we ramp for ~10s. Example sanitized body we captured: 

{
  "error": "rate_limit",
  "type": "tpm_exceeded",
  "message": "per-model token window exceeded",
  "retry_after": 4
}

Header: x-rw-request-id: req_b3f9a1

sam-sre: Two quick notes: 1) RPM/TPM are accounted differently. Large context requests consume many tokens for the window and will burn through TPM much faster even if request count is moderate. 2) max_concurrency is enforced per-tenant/model and can be hit independently.

priya: Also check whether youre hitting account-level bursting vs the models steady-state cap. We provide a short burst bucket that can absorb quick spikes; sustained throughput will fall back to the steady TPM/RPM numbers. The error looks like TPM hit based on payload.

alex: Is there an API way to introspect the exact caps for rwd-3-large for our tenant? Would help with client tuning.

maya-support: Yes, you can call the model limits endpoint: 

curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" https://api.redwood.com/v1/models/rwd-3-large/limits

Typical response (per-tenant soft-guards): 

{
  "max_rpm": 600,
  "max_tpm": 120000,
  "max_concurrency": 20,
  "context_max": 65536
}

Note: hosted vs dedicated customers may see different numbers; dedicated can be provisioned higher.

sam-sre: For repro, run two quick tests: a tight loop of small prompts and then the same with ~60k char prompts. Watch the x-rw-* headers on responses. Example quick shell test: 

for i in {1..50}; do \ 
  curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" -d '{"model":"rwd-3-large","input":"hi"}' https://api.redwood.com/v1/generate > /dev/null &
  sleep 0.1
done

Then rerun with a 60k char prompt. TPM will climb much faster in the second run. Also capture headers like x-rw-rpm-used and x-rw-tpm-used.

priya: Short-term mitigations if its TPM: 
- reduce client concurrency (worker pool size)
- cap max_tokens for completions
- add exponential backoff with jitter on 429s
- route large-context calls to smaller or dedicated model variants

alex: We already do backoff but with many clients hitting at once the jitter still leaves bursts that trip thresholds. Is there a proactive header we can monitor to avoid hitting 429s?

maya-support: We return these headers: x-rw-rpm-used, x-rw-tpm-used, x-rw-max-rpm, x-rw-max-tpm. If you log them and alert when used/max > 0.7 you can throttle client-side preemptively. Console also has Observability -> Rate Limits with rolling TPM graphs.

alex: Good. Another thing: during these spikes we occasionally see 401s as well. Token shouldn't be expiring.

sam-sre: 401s during load often point to transient auth validation failures at the gateway (cache misses). If you can share the request id for any 401 we can trace. For clients, implement token refresh with retry and treat 401s transient if followed by success on retry. We can also check auth infra logs if you open a ticket.

alex: Request id for a 401 from last run: req_b3f9a8. I'll DM headers. Also, billing: are we charged when TPM is hit and requests are rejected? Want to avoid surprise costs.

priya: Billing only counts tokens that were processed. If a request is short-circuited with a 429 early you typically arent charged for the dropped work. That said, long prompts count as tokens as soon as processed. For safety: set a billing cap in Console and record the x-rw-tokens-consumed header to reconcile.

maya-support: Long term, for steady high-TPM large-context workloads we recommend Dedicated or Private deployments where we can commit higher TPM and concurrency or tune memory/eviction thresholds. Also consider Smart Routing: route heavy prompts to dedicated pools and short prompts to hosted to preserve shared quota.

alex: Helpful. Well start by instrumenting headers and add a fallback route to rwd-3-medium for the heavy prompts. One more: sometimes we see context_length_exceeded vs "tpm_exceeded". Is context throttling different?

sam-sre: Yes. If you exceed the models hard context_max you'll get a 400-like failure (context_length_exceeded). Separately, large-context requests that are within the limit can be deprioritized or throttled when the platform is under pressure; those surface as 429s targeted at long-context calls. Best practices: avoid sending full history every time; use prefix caching or embeddings/KV to reduce repeated tokens.

maya-support: If you want, open a support ticket with a minimal repro script and a couple failing request ids and we can run an infra-side simulation against your tenant to see which quota flips first. If its urgent, we'll escalate to infra and mark P1 for customer-facing outages.

alex: Thanks — Ill bundle a small repro and the request ids and open a ticket. Appreciate the guidance. :thumbsup: 

ops-bot: Incident created: INC-2026-4832  Support ticket opened by alex.

maya-support: Ping the ticket number here once filed and include at least one x-rw-request-id for a failing request. Well attach infra logs.

alex: Will do, thanks everyone.