architecture

Maria Chen: Quick question — do we have a concise list of implicit contracts that must hold when a request handoffs hosted -> dedicated -> private? I want something for the oncall playbook and onboarding.
Samir Patel: Not a single list, mostly in various RFCs/notes. Do you mean control-plane only or data-plane too? :spiral_notepad:
Maria Chen: Both. Specifically thinking: auth header translation, tenant id guarantees, KMS key access, telemetry propagation, and consensus on fallback model variants.
Kevin Lopez: I have a half-done doc that outlines control-plane API surfaces. Data-plane bits (runtime headers, KV cache keys) are the painful ones.
Anita Roy: +1. From infra ops POV we also need clear SLO degrades for each hosting mode (e.g., hosted -> private fallthrough adds X ms / reduces batch size).
Oliver Ng: For hosted -> dedicated handoff we currently rely on a retained `x-rdwd-tenant` header and service-to-service mTLS. Private deployments sometimes remove that header and expect a mapped `x-local-tenant`.
Maria Chen: That's the kind of incompatibility I want captured. Could we standardize a translation layer spec so adapters must implement it? e.g., a small manifest with mappings and semantics.
Samir Patel: Sounds reasonable. Proposal: an "adapter translation manifest" with: required headers, optional headers, header-preserve rules, and a trust-level tag. Minimal example:

```
adapter_manifest:
  required_headers: ["x-rdwd-tenant", "x-request-id"]
  translate:
    - from: "x-rdwd-tenant"
      to: "x-local-tenant"
      policy: "map-by-tenant-id"
  trust_level: "controlplane-authenticated"
```

Kevin Lopez: That looks good. Also need to specify failure semantics if translation fails — retry? fail closed? fallback to hosted model? We should enumerate acceptable policies.
Anita Roy: Ops preference: fail-open only if the request is non-sensitive and we've got audit logs. Otherwise fail-closed. But must be explicit per route.
Oliver Ng: Telemetry: we must propagate a stable trace id (x-trace) and a sampling decision. If adapter discards it, traces across environments break and debugging is impossible.
Maria Chen: Agreed. Add: sampling decision and origin tag must be preserved. Also token exchange flows: hosted tokens are short-lived bearer tokens; private expects signed JWTs tied to a KMS. We need a standard exchange pattern with timeout expectations.
Samir Patel: We should add an integration test matrix: for each adapter, run a small harness that validates header mapping, trace continuity, auth exchange, and fallback routing behavior under induced latency.
Kevin Lopez: I'm worried about the compatibility burden on customers for private deployments. Maybe the control-plane should provide a compatibility shim that applies translation rules so the runtime in private doesn't have to change.
Maria Chen: That was discussed before. The shim is fine but must be opt-in and auditable. Also must never hold long-term secrets; only transient tokens for translation.
Anita Roy: Oncall note: document must include runbooks for when fallbacks happen — how to detect a model variant regression when we fallback hosted->dedicated, and how to rollback routing rules.
Oliver Ng: Can someone own a short RFC PR? I can do the test harness code if we have the manifest spec.
Maria Chen: I'll draft the manifest spec and a short checklist tonight. Kevin — can you merge the control-plane bits into the draft? Anita — can you write the ops SLO table? Samir/Oliver — test harness and shim notes.
Kevin Lopez: Yep, will add control-plane items by EOD.
deploy-bot: New RFC created: https://go/rfc/handshake-translation-manifest (draft). Assigned: Maria, Kevin, Anita, Samir, Oliver. :rocket:
Maria Chen: Nice. Once draft is up let's do a 20-min sync tomorrow to agree on failure semantics and test cases. :calendar:
Samir Patel: SGTM.
Kevin Lopez: +1
Anita Roy: +1
Oliver Ng: +1