new-hires

Ibrahim Zaid: hey team, first day and I'm stuck on two billing things. 1) GCP: trying to enable billing export for project 'redwood-proofs' to BigQuery but console errors with "Permission denied: BigQuery DataSet create" and I can't choose a dataset location. 2) AWS: can't open Cost Explorer ("AccessDenied: You do not have permission to view billing info"). Any quick pointers? cc @Nina Flores
Nina Flores: welcome! for GCP billing export we usually need finance to create/authorize the BigQuery dataset or grant roles/bigquery.dataEditor on the dataset plus billing export permissions. Also check org policy for allowed locations. Do you have the billing account id (BA-...)?
Ibrahim Zaid: I don't have the BA id handy, console just shows "No billing account linked" on the project. And yeah the dataset location dropdown is grayed out which is what puzzled me.
security-bot: FYI, org policy constraint constraints/gcp.allowedResourceLocations may block dataset creation in certain regions. If your project default is us-central1 but org only allows EU regions, that would prevent creating a dataset there.
Nina Flores: exactly. If org policy is blocking location, finance/security need to approve a location exception or you should pick an allowed region (eg europe-west1). For the billing link itself finance needs the project id + billing account id + manager approval. Best path: open an access request at https://access.redwood.com (choose "Cloud Billing - Export/Link") and include desired dataset location and whether you need CMEK (KMS) for the export.
Ibrahim Zaid: ok filing now. Any quick CLI checks I can run to see effective restrictions?
Nina Flores: you can check org policy with:

```
gcloud org-policies describe constraints/gcp.allowedResourceLocations --organization=ORGANIZATION_ID
```

and project-level IAM with:

```
gcloud projects get-iam-policy redwood-proofs --format='table(bindings.role,bindings.members)'
```

but finance will still need to approve the export link.
Ibrahim Zaid: AWS side - when I open the Billing console it redirects me and says I need an account owner permission. Is that handled by Finance too?
finance-ops: yes AWS billing is owned by the payer account. We grant cross-account BillingRead access via an identity role. Please open the same access.redwood.com ticket and request "AWS Billing View" for your IAM principal and include your AWS account id. We typically attach the policy aws-billing-view for 90 days.
Ibrahim Zaid: filed ticket INC-10555 with project redwood-proofs, BA left blank, asked for europe-west1 dataset and AWS billing view for account 777666555444. tagged my manager.
onboarding-bot: Reminder: complete the cloud onboarding checklist at https://onboarding.redwood.com/checklist to avoid delays.
Nina Flores: sounds good. If you need the dataset immediately, mention "expedite" in the ticket and I'll watch for it. Also note if you need BigQuery dataset owners to be a service account we use `billing-export@redwood-prod.iam.gserviceaccount.com` typically.
finance-ops: INC-10555 received. Approving AWS billing view now; GCP export requires KMS note and region confirmation from security.
Ibrahim Zaid: quick update - AWS billing view is fixed (I can open Cost Explorer now). Finance approved the BigQuery export with europe-west1 and created the dataset; I had to re-run `gcloud auth login` and now can see the dataset. Thanks everyone! :tada: