eng-runtime

ash: Ran a focused profiling run on prod-gpu-03. Observed rhythmic latency spikes in the 99th percentile every ~11-13s. nsys timeline shows recurring big cudaMalloc calls that line up with a KV cache reclamation pass.
maria: Oh interesting — do you see cudaFree paired with them or are they host allocs?
ash: Mostly device allocations. Timeline slices: long kernel gaps followed by a cluster of small kernels and large cudaMallocs. nvtx ranges from the batcher show 'flush_kv' around those times.
jon: Can you paste the nsys command you used? Also perfetto flame graph?
ash: Sure — command: ```nsys profile -o /tmp/run1 --trace=cuda,osrt --sample=cpu --capture-range=cudaProfilerApi ./bench_runner --workload=kv-heavy``` Perfetto capture from the same run attached to the trace. Key snippet from the timeline: ```[time 00:00:11.2] kernel: attention_forward (2ms)
[time 00:00:11.25] cudaMalloc(2MB) (45ms)
[time 00:00:11.3] kernel: empty_kernel (0.4ms)
[time 00:00:11.35] cudaMalloc(24MB) (132ms)```
lee: Those cudaMalloc durations are the killer. Could be arena fragmentation forcing big commits to CUDA. Are we seeing an increase in device memory utilization just before the big mallocs?
ash: Yep — device resident memory drifts up, then suddenly drops after the reclaim. The reclaim correlates with our arena coalesce pass that runs when free list size > threshold.
maria: Do we have any logs for suballocator activity? The alloc tracer we recently merged should show slab handoff counts.
ash: I grabbed an alloc-sampler output. It's showing many small frees that don't immediately return to the global pool; they sit in thread-local slabs. When the global free goes below low-water, the background thread triggers a full sweep and coalesces, doing large cudaMallocs to refill the arena. That pattern matches the 11s oscillation.
jon: Hypothesis: the background refill is using large device allocations instead of recycling existing device memory due to fragmentation and alignment mismatch. Options: 1) lower coalesce threshold and refill earlier to avoid big bursts, 2) implement a best-fit within arena to reduce fragmentation, 3) prewarm a reserve that we can slice instead of calling cudaMalloc.
ash: Agreed. Quick experiment idea: set ARENA_COALESCE_BYTES=8MB (was 64MB) and reduce refill interval to 2s, see if spikes flatten. Also try pinned host staging for small object path to reduce device mallocs.
lee: Another angle — kernel selection could be increasing allocations: when the selector switches to a quantized kernel variant we allocate different KV shapes, causing churn. Any selector events around the spikes?
maria: I checked the trace: selector decisions are stable, but batch packing changes right before a reclaim: batcher drops to single-socket batches (bad packing), which increases memory churn. So batching heuristic combined with the arena policy seems to amplify.
jon: Can we simulate with our microbench harness to reproduce deterministically? If yes, we can instrument KV cache ops with counters to correlate exact op causing the big allocation.
ash: I ran the microbench with --repeat-50 and reproduced. Added debug counters and the sequence is: continuous-batcher emits a 'prefix-evict' when KV cache hitrate drops, then background refill starts, then cudaMalloc spikes.
lee: Good repro. Next steps: 1) run the ARENA_COALESCE_BYTES experiment on perf cluster, 2) add a light-weight arena recycler to prefer reusing freed chunks before calling cudaMalloc, 3) tweak batcher packing threshold to avoid emitting prefix-evict so often.
maria: For the recycler, we should be careful with cross-thread free races. Use NL (non-locking) ring + epoch reclamation to avoid stall. We already have a small epoch helper in the allocator crate.
ash: I prototyped a recycler using per-stream freelists + an epoch flip. In perf run it reduced cudaMalloc count by ~72% and 99th latency improved from 420ms -> 170ms. There was a small increase in resident peak (+3%), acceptable tradeoff.
jon: Nice numbers. Did you run nsys again to confirm kernel timeline smoother?
ash: Yep — timeline now shows steady kernels and occasional small mallocs (sub-ms). No 100ms+ cudaMalloc events. Perfetto heap walker also shows less fragmentation.
lee: Let's gate the recycler behind a runtime flag and roll to canary dedicated cluster. Deploy steps?
ash: I'll push a flag-config patch and add a rollout in the console. deploy-bot: Rollout queued for canary-dedicated-02, dry-run policy enabled.
perf-bot: Recorded perf snapshot id perf-1972003333-a for the baseline and perf-1972003370-b for the recycler experiment. Artifacts uploaded to /perf/artifacts/1972/
maria: After canary we should add an eval prompt set that exercises KV prefix eviction pattern to detect regression. Also add a metric for 'mallocs_per_minute' to the dashboard.
lee: Agree. If canary looks good, plan: increase recycler TTL, decrease coalesce threshold slightly, and tune batcher packer to prefer 80% utilization bins.
ash: I'll open a short RFC with the experiment data and nsys screenshots. TL;DR: allocator recycler + batcher tweak eliminated periodic cudaMalloc storms, significantly reduced tail latency with minimal memory overhead.
jon: Great work. Thanks for the detailed trace and numbers — this was a gnarly one. :trophy: