eng-platform

elena: heads-up — after the v2 notify rollout i'm seeing a bunch of tenant alerts firing for latency SLOs that look like duplicates. error budget is fine for those services.
chris: ugh, saw a few in the last deploy. are these new alert fingerprints or replays? any correlation id in the payload?
elena: mostly new fingerprints. payload shows per-route threshold triggers + an automatic 'escalate' policy. looks like we rewired the fanout earlier this week.
jamal: we shipped the per-tenant quiet-window change (default 5m -> 1m) to reduce missed incidents. maybe that made short bursts become multiple separate alerts.
rik: that change was to improve latency to recovery, but it does increase alert churn for flapping signals. telemetry shows more short-lived spikes under the new window.
chris: can we gate alerts with a lightweight debounce before escalation? something like: if same fingerprint within X seconds, coalesce and bump score instead of new alert.
elena: yes — proposal: add a soft-gate that suppresses duplicate escalation for N seconds, while still surfacing the original alert on the dashboard.
jamal: +1. also want per-tenant override so enterprise customers with stricter SLAs can opt out (or set N=0).
rik: putting a config sketch here:
```
alert_coalesce: {
  window_seconds: 90,
  threshold: 2,        # number of hits to escalate
  per_tenant_override: true
}
```
elena: that looks good. how would this interact with existing quiet-window and backoff policies?
chris: order of ops: 1) quiet-window (global suppression), 2) coalesce (merge duplicates), 3) escalation policy. coalesce should be idempotent and fast.
jamal: concern: dashboards show 'incidents' by count. if we merge alerts, we should keep a composite metric for arrivals to avoid masking flapping patterns.
elena: agreed — keep two signals: incident_count (post-coalesce) and raw_event_rate (pre-coalesce) so SREs can see both.
rik: telemetry change is trivial: emit both metrics at ingestion point. need a migration plan so existing dashboards don't break.
chris: UX note — in the console, we should show an inline badge "coalesced x→1" with a hover explaining time window and tenant override.
elena: +feature flag for rollout; start with internal orgs -> some pilot customers -> global.
jamal: i'll draft a tiny API patch: add coalesce config to alert policy proto, default off. attach migration notes.
elena: action items: jamal to open PR, rik to add telemetry fields, chris to mock console badge, i'll schedule a 30m sync with ops and security before pilot. anyone want to join?
chris: i'll join.
jamal: me.
rik: me.
alert-bot: deploy/alerting-config v2.33 deployed to staging at 2156790120 :rocket:
elena: nice. once staging looks good we'll flip feature flag for internal orgs only. thanks team :thumbsup: