new-hires

zoe: hey team, day 1 and I can sign into console.staging but the Feature Flags list shows, then when I try to open a flag detail it errors with 403. Which permission controls detail view vs list?
miguel: welcome! list = console.flag.read, detail/edit needs console.flag.view or console.flag.write depending on action. Did you get the provisioning email?
zoe: I accepted Okta and did SSO. UI shows my org email but clicking a flag pops 403. I also tried the SDK and got a JSON error: {"error":"forbidden","missing":"console.flag.view"}.
devex-bot: created one-click JIT for zoe requesting flag.view (req #910)  expires in 2h. Approvers: infra-svc, miguel.
miguel: granted a short-lived staging-flag-view while infra looks at mapping; try a hard refresh.
zoe: still 403 after refresh.
infra-svc: running Okta->RBAC sync; found the group mapping for "eng-staging-flag-viewers" missing in staging mapping set. Pushing mapping now.
infra-svc: sync complete. Mapping added: Okta eng-staging-flag-viewers -> RBAC console.flag.view.
zoe: confirmed, can open flag detail now :tada: Huge help.
zoe: quick question: I want to run a sandbox script that reads flags and simulates toggles. Is there a best practice for tokens and MFA?
ariane: yes, prefer a short-lived service token for CI/dev tasks. DevEx issues tokens; we require MFA on the Okta app before you can request tokens. Use the token only in the sandbox namespace.
miguel: example command to request a token locally (CLI must be registered):
```
cli-auth request-token --env staging-sandbox --scopes console.flag.read --ttl 2h --purpose "zoe onboarding smoke"
```
ariane: note: production-scoped tokens are gated and need product-ops signoff + runbook. No prod toggles without explicit approval.
devex-bot: audit log: short-lived view grant given to zoe for onboarding (req #910). To extend, ping miguel with justification.
zoe: adding a short note to the onboarding checklist: 1) accept Okta invite + enable MFA 2) wait for RBAC sync or ping infra-svc 3) request sandbox token via CLI with purpose 4) never request prod-scoped token without signoff.
product-ops: adding that prod flag flips must include a runbook link in the request and a second approver from product-ops.
zoe: thanks all, will drop the checklist into the handbook and link the sandbox token command.