sales

beth-sales: Hey team, prospect CISO asked for a plain-English IR timeline for a POC and whether we guarantee breach notification within 72h. Also wants to know if this changes pricing for Dedicated/Private. Need a short runbook + suggested contract language we can share. (They flagged SIG/CAIQ IR questions.)

sam-sec: We have an IR runbook and can share a redacted SOP. High-level: detect -> triage -> contain -> eradicate -> recover -> notify -> postmortem.

sam-sec: For hosted customers we aim to ack high-sev incidents to customers within 4 hours, containment actions within 24, and a notification plan within 72 hours where legally required. Note: legal/region/data-type affect actual windows.

ulia-oncall: For the POC: we can turn on enhanced telemetry and a dedicated trace for the customer's session. I can export an incident timeline and relevant logs quickly. Example command we run for forensics:```
redwoodctl export-logs --customer-id <id> --since 24h --out pociq.tar.gz
```

ul ia-oncall: (typo fixed) we can also snapshot KV caches and model state if needed.

beth-sales: @sam-sec good — can you confirm what we state in SIG/CAIQ answers? They asked IR questions specifically.

sam-sec: In CAIQ/SIG the IR section covers detection, roles, escalation, and notification. Our answers point to the runbook and to the fact we maintain audit trails for hosted and offer runbook support for Dedicated/Private. I can attach the completed SIG answers (redacted) to the RFP.

beth-sales: @dpo-liz any legal constraints on promising 72h? Prospect expects it in writing.

 dpo-liz: Don't promise a hard 72h across the board. GDPR has a 72h rule for personal data breach that controllers must notify authorities; we are a processor in hosted mode so customer contracts determine obligations. For enterprise deals we include a breach-notification clause: we notify/report to customer within X hours of confirmation, and cooperate for regulator-facing timelines.

 dpo-liz: Suggested line for SOW/email: "Redwood will acknowledge potential security incidents affecting the customer's environment within 4 hours of detection and will provide an initial incident summary within 72 hours, subject to legal and contractual constraints. Specific notification obligations for regulated personal data will follow the terms of the applicable customer agreement."

mike-finance: Pricing impact: no extra fee for standard IR support on Hosted. For Dedicated/Private we include a baseline enterprise support bundle (included hours of IR coordination). Additional forensics or on-site consultancy billed hourly or via a quoted SOW.

mike-finance: If they want guaranteed SLA times for notifications and dedicated IR retainer, we can add a security retainer line item — typical retainer ranges $10k-$50k depending on size.

sam-sec: Adding practical POC notes: 1) enable logging & retention to at least 90 days for the POC; 2) enable RBAC + session recording for any sensitive testers; 3) include a contact list for escalation (SOC oncall, sec lead, legal).

beth-sales: Can someone draft a 1-paragraph summary + the short SOW language I can drop into email? Need it inside the hour.

sam-sec: Draft below — feel free to copy: "Redwood maintains an incident response program with defined triage and containment steps, audit logging, and forensic artifact retention. For hosted customers, Redwood will acknowledge confirmed high-severity incidents within 4 hours and provide an initial incident summary within 72 hours where legally required; notification obligations pertaining to regulated personal data are subject to applicable law and the customer agreement. For Dedicated/Private deployments, incident notification and response will follow the terms of the customer-specific agreement and may include on-call support or retainer services as contracted."

beth-sales: perfect. I'll send that now. :thumbsup:

security-bot: Incident ticket IR-2026-317 created and linked to customer-POC-238.

beth-sales: Thanks all — copying the prospect with that language and the SIG answers. I'll ask legal to review if they push for a strict 72h guarantee.

sam-sec: I'll attach the redacted runbook and SIG IR excerpt to the thread after legal OKs.

mike-finance: Ping me if they ask for a retainer number in the SOW and I'll produce a quick quote.

beth-sales: Closing loop, will update thread with prospect reply.
