customer-success

Maya: Heads-up — during the 03:10–04:05 UTC onboarding batch we saw elevated embedding latency and ~10% failed index writes for a small set of tenants. I'm compiling the affected list now and want to align on customer comms and mitigation. @Oliver can you confirm status and next steps?

Oliver: Saw the alert. We rolled a fallback to the previous encoder and started a region-by-region rollback. Root cause looks like a quantization mismatch introduced in the q8 rollout that caused tokenization drift on edge inputs. Rolling rollback out now, will post the exact rollback hash and commands once complete.

deploy-bot: rollback job started: deploy/rollback-encoder-v1 -> in progress.

Oliver: rollback finished in us-east/us-west/eu, still rolling ap-south. Command used: 
```
kubectl -n inference set image encoder=registry.redwood/encoder:v1-20260322
```
and health checks returned 200 after the flip.

Nina (CS): Thanks — Maya do we have a list of affected accounts? Some may be in renewal windows so we need tailored language and a mitigation offer. Also propose running targeted office hours for impacted customers.

Maya: Internal affected list (summary): Trial-ACME, RetailPilot-42, EduBeta-9, HealthTest-7. Draft external comm below; will refine for high-touch renewals.

Maya: Draft outbound (standard): "Hi <Customer>, we noticed intermittent delays in document indexing between 03:10–04:05 UTC that may have prevented some uploads from completing. We reverted the recent encoder change and retried pending items; you should see them processed within the next hour. We're sorry for the disruption — we'd like to offer a complimentary 60-minute onboarding recovery session and a one-time 5% credit for this billing month. If you'd like, join our recovery office hours: Tue 10am PT / Wed 3pm CET / Fri 9am IST. Reply and we'll prioritize your items."

JC (AE): For RetailPilot-42 (renewal next week) I'd push a stronger mitigation — offer a month of premium support or an 8% credit + named SM meeting. High risk for renewal; recommend escalation.

Nina (CS): Agreed. I'll mark RetailPilot-42 high-touch and send a personalized note. Maya — can you prepare a high-touch template that includes the extra support offer and an exec contact?

Maya: Yes. High-touch template: short apology, clear statement of actions taken, confirmation of retried items, offer: 1:1 enablement session, 1 month free premium support, and direct AE contact. JC — include the line about direct reach.

JC (AE): Approved. Also request billing tag for the credit: "incident credit - embedding-fail-1807654321" so finance can track.

Oliver: One thing for CS: please avoid deep ML jargon externally. Suggested external phrasing for root cause: "an internal encoder change caused rare failures for a subset of documents; we reverted the change and retried your pending items." Internally the root cause is "regression in q8 quantized encoder causing tokenization drift under edge inputs."

Maya: Good call. I'll send external comms with the simplified phrasing. I'll also include an explicit ask: "If you still see missing items, reply and we'll prioritize manual re-ingest."

Nina (CS): I'll send the RetailPilot-42 personalized note now, include the AE line and booking link. :thumbsup:

deploy-bot: incident ticket created: INC-2026-045. RCA doc: https://confluence.redwood/incidents/INC-2026-045

Maya: I'll post the standard messages to affected trial contacts in 10m and open the office hours booking. JC — please DM me the account-specific concession for RetailPilot-42 so I can include it.

JC (AE): DMing now. Add a line offering direct phone/SMS for that account.

Oliver: I'll follow up with a short postmortem summary once the diff and test coverage are ready. Recommend we add an avoid-regression unit test for quantization edge cases.

Nina (CS): Thanks team. We'll capture customer feedback from the office hours and feed it into the RCA. Plan: high-touch comms first for renewal accounts, then standard for trials. Update execs and ops by EOD.