people-ops

emily_sales: Hey team — noticed my March payslip shows US federal tax withheld and my net pay is way lower than expected. Im UK-based (London) and on UK payroll. Did the payroll run pick up the wrong country?

claire_payroll: Thanks for flagging, Emily. Can you paste the redacted payslip lines? Also did you ever have US citizenship flagged in Workday/HRIS? That sometimes triggers US withholding if country code mismatched.

emily_sales: Redacted stub: 

```
Pay date: 03/25/2026
Gross pay: 

Gross:  4,200.00
UK income tax: 1,050.00
Employee NI: 360.00
US federal tax: 840.00
Net pay: 1,950.00
```

claire_payroll: That US federal line shouldn't be there for UK payroll. I'm pulling the run details now. Which payroll country code do you have in HRIS?

tom_hr: Emily, I see your home country is set to GB in ADP, but your tax residency flag in the HRIS had previously been set to US when we onboarded you years ago (you listed US for a short contract). Looks like the flag wasn't cleared. I'll update to GB now and add a note to your record.

oliver_finance: Two quick notes: (1) If the payroll already remitted taxes to the IRS for that run we may need to process a correction and possibly file Form 843 or advise on reclaim options; (2) For UK employees we must ensure RTI and HMRC reporting is correct and that any US-withheld amounts are reversed before remittance cutoff. Claire, what's the remittance cutoff for the UK run?

claire_payroll: UK payroll remittance cutoff for the 03/25 run was 03/27 17:00 GMT. I see the US tax withholding was included in the file submitted on 03/26 09:12 GMT. That means remittance may have occurred. I'll check bank confirmation.

payroll-bot: Payroll run 2026-03-25 processed. Batch id: pr-20260325-2107. Files submitted to HMRC and treasuries.

claire_payroll: Confirmed: funds for the US federal withholding were included in the outgoing remittance to our US payment processor on 03/26. Since already remitted, we'll need to: (A) run an off-cycle payroll reversing the US withholding (if possible), (B) file an internal reclaim to bring funds back to the UK payroll account, or (C) advise employee on claiming refund from IRS (if we can't recover). I'll open ticket PAY-ADJ-7391 and loop Finance.

emily_sales: Ugh, OK. If there's anything I need to sign or forms to fill (W-8BEN or similar), tell me and I'll do it today. I am not a US tax resident and never filed US returns for employment here.

tom_hr: Please do fill the W-8BEN and upload it to your HR profile; that will prevent the US-tax flag for contractor situations and helps our vendor teams. I've updated your residency flag to GB and added a note about the W-8BEN requirement.

oliver_finance: Claire, please estimate timeline to reverse and expected impact on Emily's net pay and whether we should issue an interim payment while we resolve. If recovery is delayed, we should consider an immediates gross-up to avoid hardship.

claire_payroll: I'll aim to have an off-cycle reversal within 10 business days. If reversal not possible within 5 business days, we'll issue a bridging payment equal to the withheld amount less any tax we can definitively recover. Ticket PAY-ADJ-7391 created and assigned.

emily_sales: Thank you. Also flagging: I noticed the payslip file name included us_emp_9742 in the PDF metadata. Might be an onboarding tag that needs cleanup.

tom_hr: Good catch, Emily  that's the leftover from an old US onboarding record we deprecated. I'm cleansing onboarding tags this week across EU/UK records.

claire_payroll: Final note: at year-end, if any US withholdings remain on your employee record we will ensure your P60 is accurate and that W-2 is not issued for UK employees. We'll coordinate with tax counsel if cross-border complications persist.

emily_sales: Appreciate the help. Will upload W-8BEN and confirm once done. :pray:

payroll-bot: PAY-ADJ-7391 created and assigned to claire_payroll. Estimated resolution: 2026-04-12.